Abbreviations used for Political Groups as shown following the name of the speaker
And, Mr de Vries, I would simply remind you that Rule 22(3) stipulates that 'the Bureau shall consider decisions relating to the conduct of sittings'.
Graduate in political sciences.
After all, how can agreements concluded within the European Union be legitimate, and accepted by the citizens whom they affect, if the representative national trade union organizations to whom the citizens have entrusted the defence of their interests are not involved as of right in the negotiations?
Cardona (UPE). - (PT) Mr President, we are today celebrating the 40th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome.
According to toe Commission's statements in yesterday's BSE debate, codecision is to be extended in these areas too, and if goodwiU on all sides can prevent almost any delay or reduce it to an insignificant level, then 100a should also serve as the legal basis for the identification of cattle.
mean that the service sector is increasingly important, and commerce plays a key role in this. We are well aware of this.
844 Regional Environmental Policy
Once granted, the duration of a CPVR is 25 years, or 30 years in the case of potato, vine and tree varieties.
Debates of the European Parliament
Tomlinson (PSE). - Mr President, on the same point.
There have been in-depth discussions with the Commission.
Therefore, we need to work out how this can be accounted for when planning and carrying out humanitarian operations and make sure it is actuaUy implemented in the field of operations.
In response to this specific request, I should first point out that the general system for recognition of diplomas, which has been in place for a number of years now, already guarantees free movement to practitioners between those Member States which recognize nonconventional medicine as a discipline distinct from conventional medicine.
But it strengthens the common character of the regulation and prevents competition distortion between Member States and even between regions.
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT
in certain Member States.
Baldi (UPE). ­ (IT) Mr President, I have a request concerning Wednesday and, more particularly, the Com­mission statement on the 'Planet Earth Summit', that is
Journalist. 0 Deputy (1983-1994).
That leads me to say something about the future and the way I intend to deal with the debate on the common fisheries policy.
This will only be possible if the Union rises to the three challenges facing it:
Despite the reservations of some EU Member States, it also succeeded in helping to fund the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague in the early stages when the Tribunal's resources were scarce.
Following the informal 'trilogue' held on 6 May 1997, the Commission expressed two major preoccupations which it shares with your rapporteur, and it has not failed to be the ardent defender, in this respect, of the European Parliament's view in the Council.
These, which were expressly refened to in the Regulation have not been set up and, owing to the administrative complexity of supervision, the alternative instruments which the Member States have set up have not functioned.
DIRECTORATE GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
It will provide the opportunity for ministers to assess the progress achieved so far, and to target priorities for the future.
This expert group is an additional forum for reflection and will be an extra source of ideas on this issue.
Having said that, you say that you have included Gibraltar in this list because you thought that it was technically better to do so.
Minister without portfolio in the GDR Government (February to April 1990); Vice-President of the Volkskammer (GDR Parliament) (April-October 1990).
However, I agree that it is important to include the promotion of sustainable energy technologies in this list of aims.
A case of double standards that requires an explanation.
On the contrary, the EU ought to?? is to learn from its new Members and adapt itself to them, which is of particular significance at the moment as it also affects how we behave in relation to other new members.
In my view, this illustrates the difficult campaign which President Mubarak is waging to keep his country out of the clutches of a fanatical orthodox religious group.
It is worth noting that those earlier crop regulations have been the subject of many modifications.
Finally and especially, the most fragile element which we must protect is children, whether they are the target of unacceptable messages, or whether they are taking part, which is even more unacceptable.
Lindqvist (ELDR), in writing. - (SV) It is sensible to strengthen consumer rights and interests in the area of financial services, banks and insurance services for example.
President and the other members of the executive board. After committee hearings, the nominees have to be approved by Parliament before they can be appointed by the Council.
Karamanou (PSE). - (EL) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the issue of respect for human rights, respect for freedom of the Press and the free movement of ideas in Turkey, has now become pressing and dramatic.
Debates of the European Parliament
We must call a spade a spade, and call a failure a failure.
President. - Question No 38 by Raul Rosado Fernandes (H-0554/97)
The issue has also been raised in other international contexts.
It is in primary schools and secondary schools that the new technology must be taught.
Konrad (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my statement refers to remarks made by Mr Schulz and Mr Le Gallou in the course of this debate.
On the most contentious points, namely the question of competence of data harmonization, the concept of an observatory and, most of all, the budgetary implications, the detailed work of the rapporteur and the negotiations undertaken by Mr Collins, as the relevant committee, chairman, and others have borne fruit.
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS * 00 ** OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
I should first like to stress that it is the countries that persevere and systematically make their government finances healthy that score highest in terms of jobs and therefore lay the bases for affordable social security.
I should also like to remind the House of Council and Parliament Directive 97/31 adopted in June on coordination of television broadcasting activities, which represents the most important European instrument for television advertising.
Even so, it deserves energetic support, partly ­ and indeed especially ­ as a way of stressing certain guiding princi­ples and criteria which should govern the actions of the European Union in every sphere, not just in humanitarian matters.
If we compare the state of the San José dialogue when the Esquipulas Group was set up, remembering what happened in Central America, with the contemporary political situation, it can in fact be considered that an enormous leap has been made as regards the political stabilisation of the Central American isthmus.