Abbreviations used for Political Groups as shown following the name of the speaker
And, Mr de Vries, I would simply remind you that Rule 22(3) stipulates that 'the Bureau shall consider decisions relating to the conduct of sittings'.
Graduate in political sciences.
After all, how can agreements concluded within the European Union be legitimate, and accepted by the citizens whom they affect, if the representative national trade union organizations to whom the citizens have entrusted the defence of their interests are not involved as of right in the negotiations?
Cardona (UPE). - (PT) Mr President, we are today celebrating the 40th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Rome.
According to toe Commission's statements in yesterday's BSE debate, codecision is to be extended in these areas too, and if goodwiU on all sides can prevent almost any delay or reduce it to an insignificant level, then 100a should also serve as the legal basis for the identification of cattle.
mean that the service sector is increasingly important, and commerce plays a key role in this. We are well aware of this.
844 Regional Environmental Policy
Once granted, the duration of a CPVR is 25 years, or 30 years in the case of potato, vine and tree varieties.
Debates of the European Parliament
Tomlinson (PSE). - Mr President, on the same point.
There have been in-depth discussions with the Commission.
Therefore, we need to work out how this can be accounted for when planning and carrying out humanitarian operations and make sure it is actuaUy implemented in the field of operations.
In response to this specific request, I should first point out that the general system for recognition of diplomas, which has been in place for a number of years now, already guarantees free movement to practitioners between those Member States which recognize nonconventional medicine as a discipline distinct from conventional medicine.
But it strengthens the common character of the regulation and prevents competition distortion between Member States and even between regions.
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT
in certain Member States.
Baldi (UPE). ­ (IT) Mr President, I have a request concerning Wednesday and, more particularly, the Com­mission statement on the 'Planet Earth Summit', that is
Journalist. 0 Deputy (1983-1994).
That leads me to say something about the future and the way I intend to deal with the debate on the common fisheries policy.
This will only be possible if the Union rises to the three challenges facing it:
Despite the reservations of some EU Member States, it also succeeded in helping to fund the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague in the early stages when the Tribunal's resources were scarce.
Following the informal 'trilogue' held on 6 May 1997, the Commission expressed two major preoccupations which it shares with your rapporteur, and it has not failed to be the ardent defender, in this respect, of the European Parliament's view in the Council.
These, which were expressly refened to in the Regulation have not been set up and, owing to the administrative complexity of supervision, the alternative instruments which the Member States have set up have not functioned.
DIRECTORATE GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
It will provide the opportunity for ministers to assess the progress achieved so far, and to target priorities for the future.
This expert group is an additional forum for reflection and will be an extra source of ideas on this issue.
Having said that, you say that you have included Gibraltar in this list because you thought that it was technically better to do so.
Minister without portfolio in the GDR Government (February to April 1990); Vice-President of the Volkskammer (GDR Parliament) (April-October 1990).
However, I agree that it is important to include the promotion of sustainable energy technologies in this list of aims.
A case of double standards that requires an explanation.
On the contrary, the EU ought to?? is to learn from its new Members and adapt itself to them, which is of particular significance at the moment as it also affects how we behave in relation to other new members.
In my view, this illustrates the difficult campaign which President Mubarak is waging to keep his country out of the clutches of a fanatical orthodox religious group.
It is worth noting that those earlier crop regulations have been the subject of many modifications.
Finally and especially, the most fragile element which we must protect is children, whether they are the target of unacceptable messages, or whether they are taking part, which is even more unacceptable.
Lindqvist (ELDR), in writing. - (SV) It is sensible to strengthen consumer rights and interests in the area of financial services, banks and insurance services for example.
President and the other members of the executive board. After committee hearings, the nominees have to be approved by Parliament before they can be appointed by the Council.
Karamanou (PSE). - (EL) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the issue of respect for human rights, respect for freedom of the Press and the free movement of ideas in Turkey, has now become pressing and dramatic.
Debates of the European Parliament
We must call a spade a spade, and call a failure a failure.
President. - Question No 38 by Raul Rosado Fernandes (H-0554/97)
The issue has also been raised in other international contexts.
It is in primary schools and secondary schools that the new technology must be taught.
Konrad (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my statement refers to remarks made by Mr Schulz and Mr Le Gallou in the course of this debate.
On the most contentious points, namely the question of competence of data harmonization, the concept of an observatory and, most of all, the budgetary implications, the detailed work of the rapporteur and the negotiations undertaken by Mr Collins, as the relevant committee, chairman, and others have borne fruit.
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS * 00 ** OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
I should first like to stress that it is the countries that persevere and systematically make their government finances healthy that score highest in terms of jobs and therefore lay the bases for affordable social security.
I should also like to remind the House of Council and Parliament Directive 97/31 adopted in June on coordination of television broadcasting activities, which represents the most important European instrument for television advertising.
Even so, it deserves energetic support, partly ­ and indeed especially ­ as a way of stressing certain guiding princi­ples and criteria which should govern the actions of the European Union in every sphere, not just in humanitarian matters.
If we compare the state of the San José dialogue when the Esquipulas Group was set up, remembering what happened in Central America, with the contemporary political situation, it can in fact be considered that an enormous leap has been made as regards the political stabilisation of the Central American isthmus.
The aim of toe European Spatial Development Perspective Programmes is, on the basis of a coherent vision of the main strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats characterising the European territory, to set up an integrated, multi-sectoral and indicative strategy for its develop ment.
In fact some important points were omitted. A main argument that Ukraine always raises, when alternative forms of energy are discussed, is the supply of fuel.
However, even if acknowledged to be the proprietor of an earlier right, the applicant must not have acquiesced in the use of the trade mark within the territory in which that earlier is valid for more than five years.
We have a passion for self-flagellation and regularly recite the litany of our failures as a European Union.
The question refers more specifically to the extent of the progress made during the Dutch presidency on implementing the joint action for the approximation of the legislation and procedures of the Member States of the European Union in combating drug addiction and to prevent and combat illegal trafficking in drugs.
Verwaerde (PPE), in writing. - (FR) Mr President, I must first congratulate my colleague André Soulier on his excellent report, which was adopted unanimously by the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy.
We must maintain and renew in this partnership the fundamental achievement of cooperation between the European Union and the ACP countries and the Joint Assembly also plays an important part here.
Unfortunately, the Council of Agriculture Ministers failed to reach a decision at its mid­April meeting. Accordingly, the Council now has until the second reading to find a solution to an actual overshoot of ECU 1.4bn.
Today, I am not going to enter into details of the experience of the Schengen Information System, which we approved a long time ago, but I would refer to the report by Mrs van Lancker on that subject.
The Secretary-Generashal ll give a solemn undertakingbefore the Bureau toperform his dutiesconscientiously and with absolute impartiality.
Unless we deliberately accept the loss of all credibility in social matters and the improvement of safety on our roads, and if we want to avoid the catastrophic strikes of recent years, strikes which mobilized thousands of lorry drivers, and caused huge financial damage to the European economy, we must urgently set reasonable work and rest times for professional drivers.
It also makes it possible to reserve a dense socioeconomic fabric in the fragile rural areas with a very strong awareness of the role and responsibilities of farming in preserving the eco-system and biodiversity, while producing healthy and quality products.
Pursuant to Rule 37 of this House, I have received seven motions for resolutions to close the debate. (')
Criticism of the actions of the Commission during toe Delors era reflects badly on former President Delors and he should have been given toe opportunity to refute these criticisms.
Commissioner Gradin went a little further concurring with the chairman's suggestion that there was "administrative resistance" to reform, and saying that she had "come across it in certain Member States."17
That is why it is necessary to pay more attention to energy sources distributed extensively and uniformly, permitting rational and responsible use by citizens in each location, together with democratic levies and new values.
A democratic state has the means to protect society from abuses in every area and to ensure respect for the rights and freedoms of the individual, in biotechnology as in other research fields.
It would simply create yet another trade barrier, and we have enough of those already.
The EU organisation must be characterised by both integrity and openness.
The Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market, p. 8
It is possible to regulate production by turning to quality products or supporting exports, as it is not only a matter of quality.
If the French authorities fail to provide adequate guarantees concerning future compliance with Community law in this respect, the Commission will consider the opening of the infringement procedure provided for under Article 169 of the EC Treaty.
This text must therefore be supported.
As it currently stands, the Council regulation allows for the possibility of manipulating reductions in gross domestic product, and Mrs Peijs and I have tabled two technical amendments on this point.
Yet when it came to the structural fund money, it prefened to look elsewhere.
The European Union must support the setting up of a true national dialogue likely, let us hope, to put an end to the terrorism which is hitting the Algerian people ever harder.
The vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon.
Compensation for farmers in devaluing countries can be frozen in the national cunency, while the payments for the revaluing countries are established in ECU.
Maij-Weggen going to clamp down on hashish coming from Morocco via Spain and France, heroine from Turkey via Germany, and cocaine from Surinam via the Netherlands?
This situation is affecting not just aspects of democracy or of development towards democracy, but also regional concerns, as shown by Cambodia having been excluded from the ASEAN framework for the first time at the last meeting in Kuala Lumpur.
What we really need to do is gain confidence.
The intention of the Centre's 1999 Work Programme is to consolidate and build on this experience.
I am more than happy that Europe, in general, now seems to be awakening from its slumbers.
Now it is the jaw leghold retaining traps which are at stake, the hormones in beef and who knows, Mr Commissioner, what it might be tomorrow?
The need to find this balance lay at the heart of the decisions that we took at Amsterdam.
Gebhardt (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner Gradin, we all know that biotechnology is potentially of great benefit to mankind.
However, whilst noting the various references made to the Commission in this report the House will know only too well that the Commission has no right of initiative in this area and has to take account of the pillar structure of the European Union.
In ten years, the areas farmed in this way have increased ten-fold.
It is no good saying, as the US
I should like to make two points to the Commissioner, however.
It meets in plenary session once a year and has as its objective (i) to aim "to achieve, at general or regional level, the maximum use and most rational development of European inland transport of international importance", and (ii) " to coordinate and promote the activities of international organisations concerned with European inland transport, taking into account the work of supranational authorities in this field"2.
Social Studies and Social work
It is up to the Member States concerned to bring this matter to the attention of the Commission which is authorised to grant emergency aid to victims of disasters.
■ Group of the European People's Party (Christian-Democratic Group) Chair: Wilfried Martens (B)
Of course we could introduce rules for us alone in the European Union, but that would only resolve part of the problem, and as you heard from Mrs van Dijk there are ways of getting round them.
Schroedter (V). - (DE) Madam President, of the countries of Eastern Europe, it is the new members of the Council of Europe - Russia and Ukraine - which, in spite of their promises, have taken the fewest initial steps towards creating a humane system of criminal law.
However, it so happens toat in toe constellation of culprits for this present situation, toe current Commission is just toe latest and last in Une, after toe Council, the veterinary committees, the British Government and the previous Commission.
The draft does not requhe labelling of these foodstuffs.
Well, then, I believe that the notion that budgetary discipline and monetary stability are sufficient to survive in the world of economics is a senseless one.
We now have some new friends in this circle: the three new Member States, who also support better labelling.
The Commission has already stated that these agreements are not a long-term solution. We have to tackle our problem in our waters ourselves.
revocation or annulment.
The first of these objectives come under the Community's environmental policy.
In discussions concerning the third pillar and those aspects of the third pillar which should be brought under the Community umbrella, we often hear it said that this or that is not feasible and that national sovereignty is at stake.
I have no regrets about the stage which is coming to an end, but the power incarnate in this change causes me grave anxiety because up to now it has flouted every international humanitarian convention, as well as many human rights conventions.
Graduate in law.
The Committee on Petitions of the European Parliament.. 28 2.2.2.
Joint parliamentary committees shall draw up their own rules of procedure and submit them for approval to the bureaux of the European Parliament and of theparliament involved.
Lyophilized sterile powder, for injection after reconstitution with accompanying diluent (sterile water for injection).
I should first of all like to say that I have endeavoured to make the draft resolution a real consensus from the Committee on Development and Cooperation.
All óf the countries were, or are, different cases, but nevertheless they suffered or suffer, have fought or are fighting terrorism.
Professional qualification in agriculture.
If you want to know the details and contents of the amend ment go to the distribution centre, get the documents and read them.
Debates of the European Parliament
DOC EN\CM\299\299476
Musumeci (NT). - (IT) Mr President, the scant attention paid in recent years by the European Union to the countries of Latin America again raises the problem of the absence of a general foreign policy strategy for Europe, at least at a political, commercial and security level.
Here the term 'crisis' means the ability to resolve one's own problems and I am not referring to all of the problems which cross our frontiers.
Will the Commission set out the steps it is taking to assist the eradication of poliomyelitis by programmes of vaccination in developing countries, with particular reference to Africa?
Theodore Roosevelt told the United States that his foreign policy would be 'talk soft and carry a big stick'. Unfortu­nately, the foreign policy of the European Union seems to be: 'talk a lot provided you don't carry a big stick'.
Sainjon (ARE). - (FR) Mr President, what distinguishes Europe from the United States, Japan and many other countries today is a social model which is unparaUeled anywhere in the world.
Furthermore both parties are committed to set up, inter alia, cooperation in economic, scientific, industrial, educational, social, audiovisual, cultural and regional areas, and to create political dialogue, including certain institutional provisions.
Renowned inter national organizations and experts differ in their opinions on the parameters to be taken as the starting point for studies of least cost.
I want to remind you that Albania is part of Europe, it is our neighbour, and we should aid those citizens, who deserve something better.
Robles Piquer (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, I would like to ask the Commissioner if this explanation - which was very reasonable and balanced - has been adequately conveyed to the Council.
Depending on the decision that will then be taken by the Council, the Commission will take a decision in regard to compliance with Community law.
Nonetheless financial sanctions seem to be used in a rather moderate way.
I should like to see the real lessons of mad cow disease being learned, and I must admit to being somewhat surprised at the prevailing optimism on this subject in this House.
Civil society development
Before the end of each year, Parliament shall adopt a resolution setting thepolitical priorities for the Legislative Programme.
Part of the European Union's mission is to help these countries rid themselves of a scourge that never makes any contribution to the advance of democratic awareness.
that activities aiming at the preparation of funded activities other than Tempus are not eligible.
On 18 August last Britain's Nuclear Installations Inspectorate (Nil) granted British Nuclear Fuels Ltd (BNFL) 'consent to operate' the Thorp reprocessing plant in Sellafield.
Economic affairs corre­spondent (Yleisradio).
The disappearance of the Community transit regime would, beyond all doubt, encourage and create developmental asymmetries which would be far more pernicious and intractable than the problems now under discussion.
Regarding the Union's capacity for intervention - which I think is a very important point - this report makes a special plea for the reform of toe CFSP and toe possibüity of continuing diplomatic efforts and mtiitary and civiUan intervention.
I should be pleased to hear from the Commissioner whether he will be including these ideas in the future White Paper.
Under this Community action ECU 12.8m was granted to 54 projects presented by the Greek authorities for the period 1992 to 1996 and in addition on 9 July last the Commission approved the assistance of ECU 2.35m for five Greek projects, all of which came under the Greek national forest fire protection plan.
The events which took place last week in Kenya, which reference has been made to in the debate, prove that the situation is deteriorating and that the need for dialogue between the government, the opposition and the donor community is all the more important.
More strangely stiU, the proposed reductions in income supplements are to be permanent, whUst the reason for them is somewhat exceptional in nature, namely the BSE crisis.
It is not enough simply to adopt what I would describe as the 'gee whiz school of technology'. One has to recognize that ethical questions have to be asked and solutions must be found.
Report (A4-0144/97) by Mr Souchet, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council Regulation amending Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 establishing a Community system for fisheries and aquaculture (COM(96)0350 - C4-0538/96-96/0183(CNS))
As the rapporteur has just stated, this réport starts from a very good Commission document - and I am delighted to say so - on toe link between aid, rehabiUtotion and development regarding rehabilitation as a central stage so toat aid can really serve development.
But I wonder whether the President of the Council might not be more afraid of Parliament than he needs to be.
Report (A4-0032/97) by Mr Chesa, on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations, on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion by the European Union of the interim agreement between the European Community, the European Coal and Steel Community and the European Atomic Energy Community, of the one part, and the Kyrgyz Republic, of the other part, on trade and traderelated matters (COM(95)49-11156/95 - C4-0685/96-95/0063(ACC)
Answer
We also need to recognize the need to fight poverty and not merely give unrestricted approval to a neo-liberal model.
Frischenschlager (ELDR). - (DE) Mr President, unfortunately I cannot congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Soulier.
That is replicated across many parts of the North Sea region.
Both initiatives were concretized in the final results of the Session, which lay down principles and a timetable for the concrete progress that must be made through the Commission for Sustainable Development (CSD).
Report (A4-0268/97) by Mr Scapagnini, on behalf of the Committee on Research, Technological Develop­ment and Energy, on the proposal for a Council Decision concluding the Agreement for scientific and technological cooperation between the European Com­munity and the Republic of South Africa (COM(97)0119 - C4-0246/97-97/0112(CNS))
The consortium members should choose relevant activities in line with the following list.
lf no candidateis elected after the first two ballots, only the two candidates obtainingthe largest number of votes in the second ballot may continue to stand.
This is a technical and automatic adjustment and the budgetary authority must be forced to accept it.
For study periods abroad it is important to note that the host university can claim institutional costs to cover the costs incurred as a result of receiving students from abroad.
It is no exaggeration to say that of all the developments in external affairs, in the years I have been involved, the evolution of policy, progress and attitudes to relations between Europe and Japan has been the most substantial if not the most dramatic.
The latter is important for guaranteeing sustainable growth.
I would like to assure you that, especially in the area about which we are talking this evening, Com missioner Cresson and indeed the entire Commission - as I can testify in my capacity as Commissioner for the single market - are doing our utmost to make good this defect; the action plan for the single market which the Commission is submitting to the European Council in Amsterdam places great and central emphasis on the free movement of persons, and the 'Citizens First' communication initiative supported by the European Parliament is designed to promote awareness and encourage people to use those opportunities for mobility which already exist today.
• European Union House 43 Molesworth Street · Dublin 2 · Ireland Tel. (353­1)605 79 00 Fax (353­1)605 79 99 E­mail: epdublin@europarl. eu. int Internet: http://www.europarl.eu.int
So I believe it is important that, as a sign of genuine friendship, Parliament should say these things to the Tunisian Government and authorities, so that our dialogue can be based on reality and not on imaginary situations or pious hopes.
This was obviously necessary.
We therefore call upon the institutions of the European Union not just to refuse to yield in this matter of hormonetreated meat but to lodge an official request for
Through this administration the Association currently receives notifications under the pro cedure and to the Association it is clear that the majority of fraud incidents are caused by external economic crime.
In judicial cooperation, in police cooperation, the story is always the same: organized crime has created its European theatre of operations, while those who should be fighting it are taking cover behind the rampart of their so-called sovereign interests and so achieving little or nothing.
Both in the Foreign Affairs Committee and in the House we have been able on many an occasion to admire her knowledge of affairs in the former Soviet Union.
Roth-Behrendt (PSE), rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should firstly like to clear up a misunderstanding that may exist amongst certain Members, and especially the general public.
Approval of the Minutes Andrews, d'Ancona, Malone, Miller, Falconer, Thomas, Holm, Gahrton
And yet here we are today being asked to allow this through on toe nod.
It is a fact that fraud, wastage and mismanagement in particular are bringing the European ideal into disrepute.
Such heavy subsidies simply encourage overcapacity, which in turn leads to further depletion of stocks.
incomes, without alternatives and without prospects for a dignified way of life, the mental and physical health of far more than 150 000 people employed in this sector would be far worse than the harm done by the smoke of a cigarette that would undoubtedly continue to be produced any way.
Spain to saturation point, where they are unable to allow access to other companies, despite the liberalization of the air transport market.
In the field of information and communications technology, the development of standards is - and in my view must be - market driven.
The Commission is proposing that carriage by Chapter 2 aeroplanes be concentrated at certain airports which, together with other airports, form part of an' airport system, and we are sympathetic to that proposal.
So we should like to pass on to the Commission and the Council the points that have emerged from past years' work as being necessary.
We must resolutely oppose these trends, and we must not do what we did in 1992 and blame everything, once again, on the international constraints that have been and will be imposed upon us.
J. Segreltes Chairman of the EUROPIA Tax Advisory Committee
The average net rate paid on accounts in ecu was 4.2 °/o, while the rate on accounts held in local currencies varied between 2.8 and 3 %.
Debates of the European Parliament
As has already been mentioned, three major subjects are on the agenda which cross over in some cases in such a way that they are inextricably linked and should inevitably be included among the priorities of the Dutch presidency.
The issue is not made an operational matter within the WTO framework, and I share the frustration of Mr Sainjon in this respect.
Despite considerable advantages in using renewable energy sources, consumption remains at below 6 % in the Union.
The 12 million tonnes of radioactive waste are almost certainly a large overestimate.
On request, however, priority may be given to the rapporteur of the committeeresponsible and to the chairmen of political groups who wish to speak on theirbehalf, or to speakersdeputizing for them.
History and arts with emphasis on European cultures and traditions
Votes, p. 290 - 3.
DOC EN\CM\298\298614
In the annex to the communication it says that the rules on access deficits are of a temporary nature and may continue until 1 January 2000.
The Commission has referred to changes in its working practices, but there has been no mention of the counterarguments of the commissioners who disagree with toe changes, and nothing has been said about which changes are to be made at Directorate-General VI.
The charter is a part of the future because a set of objectives is finally being estabüshed. That is already a step forward.
The British Government was found to be responsible for starting the disease, for taking inadequate steps to prevent its rapid spread and, up to very recently, to eradicate it. I hope that has now changed.
It is not just a problem of the CAP or one of the fruit and vegetables COM, as we have just been told, nor is it one of lower or higher prices, or dumping.
Is it aware that EU action originally necessitated by the microbiological contamination of a cooked ready-to-eat product is now unreasonably being translated into controls on all products, including raw frozen product imported into the EU for subsequent processing?
Finally, we should give up these media-friendly references to the need to impose increasingly globalized trade rules and put the brakes on respective deepening.
The experience of recent years would suggest that the symptoms of such a breakdown, are all too apparent.
As long as a majority in Parliament ­ I say Parliament because I have the feeling there is some improvement in the Commission ­ clearly refuses to acknowledge this reality that we are an 'asso­ciation of states', to my mind debates like this one have little point.
That has unfortunately not always been the case as regards the implementation of Community environmental law in the Member States, as many speakers have pointed out.
The Commission has lately set out the framework for the convergence parameters, superseding those drawn up by the EMI.
In the chamber, Members sit in political groups, not in national delegations.
We are in agreement with this rule in principle as it would simplify administrative steps for companies.
The unit is in charge of dealing with contentious cases, organising the sessions of the board of appeal of the Office, etc.
It helps to maintain equality of administrative treatment between operators established in different Member States, leaving them free to choose the place of customs clearance, either at the frontier or inside the European Union, and also helps, among other things, to prevent an accentuation of the logistical advantages of bringing goods through the North Sea ports.
Colombo Svevo (PPE), draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Women's Rights. - (IT) Mr President, the Committee on Women's Rights has obviously taken an interest in this report and thanks the rapporteur for having accepted a large number of its proposed amendments.
The relocation from Brussels to Angers led to several changes in terms of human resources.
Pinheiro, Member of the Commission. - (PT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in'view of a certain inability on the part of the French authorities to control the unrest caused by a group of farmers against agricultural products from other Member States, especially Spain, the Commission would point out that, within its jurisdiction as guardian of the treaties, it was able to use the infringement procedure in order to obUge France to fulfil its obligations pursuant to Articles 5 and 30 of the Treaty.
Soulier (PPE), in writing. - (FR) The European Union is the hard core of world democracy, and as such it has certain duties, particularly when it comes to setting an example.
I would volunteer myself as a member of that panel.
I will just say that the message from the Members of Parliament, the chairman and the two rapporteurs, has come across loud and clear.
First of all I wish to say that together with my colleagues on the committee, I have tried to draw up a political balance sheet for the Lomé Convention.
By lumping together news stories from various European countries you finish up with a review of the week's news, a selection of samples, but not a good subject for a resolution.
Yet others again have raised questions about the current situation on the application of Community legislation in the various Member States.
Temporary committees to deal with specific subjects may also be set up.
Author of several medical publications. 0 Order of the White Rose, First Class.
Organizations fighting child abuse obtained this year, for the first time and, as we know, due to pressure of events, no more than ECU 1.5 million, that is, half of the budget of ECU 3 mülion allocated for fighting violence against women.
Debates of the European Parliament
The carrier has three copies, two of which are required at the Customs Office of Destination.
There is no real basis for a Common Foreign and Security Policy.
I also note with, deep regret that just yesterday a Vietnamese court sentenced eight people to death for drug offences; eleven people have aheady been sentenced to death this year.
Regrettably, however, Europeans have long underestimated this enormous economic and social potential of satellite communications, and so failed to formulate a common policy.
Article 356(2) of the implementing provision which states that 'the office destination shall record on the copies of the T1 document the details controls carried out and shall without delay send a copy to the office departure and retain the other copy'.
Mr Bangemann, there has been no agreement.
Turkey has been going through difficult times for some years now.
The first of these was to charge infrastructure costs to road vehicles, the central issue in the harmonization of costs and taxes.
The packet is minuscule.
So in the most complicated way, the expenditure for this system will be included in the Community budget and borne by the Member States.
04.10.1941 Journalist
It has taken two years to implement the crossborder
This mission was responsible for giving opinions on the development of the situation in terms of the humanitarian situation, the economic and financial situations and security in the country.
My group will also be support Amendment No 1 calling for zero rating for VAT on books and newspapers - a strong principle.
The discussion of both documents shows that the Maastricht Treaty has opened up a new chapter in European social policy.
That did not happen on this occasion.
On his own behalf.
van Bladel (UPE). - (NL) Mr President, this important debate is taking place at a time of dramatic change in the political landscape of Europe, when the situation seems too unbalanced to guarantee a stable euro.
I hope this annual report will be the first in a long line.
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by SGS, Société Générale de Surveillance S.A., Genève.
Among all that is described in the Directive we are considering, I should like to stress the following:
I think that everyone here was taken aback by this enumeration of the amendments that have been refused, often without very detailed explanations.
IN THE CHAIR: MRS FONTAINE Vice-President
Debates of the European Parliament
I also remember that the Socialist NLF dictatorship in Algeria after decolonization was literally swamped by French and European support and by expressions of praise from the so-called intelligentsia in Europe.
In our view, these cooperation agree ments, which bring us into close consultation with the countries concerned in a wide range of fields, are also the best way of strengthening democracy and the constitu tional state. I was glad to hear from what the rapporteurs said that they and their committees also recommend that we should adopt this approach, and therefore that we should conclude these partnership agreements.
It is quite wrong to call this subterfuge 'taking issues back to national level', as the committee does, or to inove the issue up to a wholly interstate level.
TIR carnets are also used which are not endorsed with the word TABAC, which is mandatory and should be printed diagonally across the carnet.
No one in Brussels can really say that they know how or whether the law is being enforced, even in crucial sectors of environmental policy such as hazardous waste manage ment where to date the European Commission has re ceived reports from only six of the fifteen Member States.
Medina Ortega occasion, fortunately, we have more time available for this important debate than we did last time.
Garosci (UPE). - (IT) Mr President, we can only welcome the proposal for a Community action programme 'European voluntary service for young people', which originated in an idea from the European Parliament, I would point out, and was launched during Italy's last presidency.
The responsibUity of toe Brussels Commission is equally engaged. It appears that certain officials voluntarily slowed down the circulation of information and hindered all transparency in this terrible affair.
It must be said that the cooperation between these two neighbouring towns is much closer and more significant in terms of results than that elsewhere.
In my view they need to in order to ensure that once these countries join, the acquis communautaire, which we already have in this area and which needs to be taken further than the provisions of existing laws in Central and Eastern Europe, must be introduced in those countries without delay, because I feel that is essential for women.
refugees had been found in the Tingi Tingi area.
It is therefore worth stressing the need to improve cooperation between the Member States and to step up our anti-fraud activities.
I firmly believe that all three of those elements can play a full part in the new policy for rural development which, following the Cork Conference or ganized by the Commission, has opened up a wideranging debate on the whole of the common agricultural policy.
Mr Pierre Moscoviti - I am talking about him - and his accomplice, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, are holding the single currency hostage and are taking on the huge responsibility of jeopardizing the patient and careful work done by the Commission, the Council, the European Parliament and the European Monetary Institute.
Yet, the Committee on Foreign Affairs supports the agree ment on partnership relations, based on the reasonable hope that despite the continuing weaknesses, despite the unsolved problem of Nagorny-Karabach - though there is an international effort to solve it, the Minsk Group, even if no ultimate solution has yet been achieved -, and since, fortunately, Azerbaijan has ceased its policy of violent repression, we can make progress.
Since the entry into force of Decision 1/96 of the EC/EFTA Joint Committee of 1 August 1996, shipments of cigarettes are only permitted on presentation of an individual guarantee (for example, security or cash deposits).
I think, however, that these just criticisms of individuals should in some way prompt us to examine our consciences.
Mr TUlich has been extremely kind in the way he has conducted his negotiations with the various groups and taken on board a lot of the suggestions, and Mr Tomlinson has done his usual exemplary work.
Out of its concern to protect human rights, Parliament uses this power to require nonmember countries to improve their human rights records.
On the other hand, it would surely be too bureaucratic if expenses for entertainment and eating out etc were to be covered by refunds of expenditure actually incurred.
President. - I shall do so with great pleasure, Mrs McCarthy.
Chanterie (PPE). - (NL) Mr President, Mr President of the Schengen ministerial committee, ladies and gentlemen, first a clarification to remove a misunderstanding: Schengen is not part of the European Union, however much we may deplore the fact.
They cannot be dealt with in the context of the procedures for amending directives which, I must emphasize, do not regulate relations be tween the Community and third countries.
One key element of a fiscal package should be a code of conduct whereby the Member States undertake to act in a more transparent and coordinated way, in order to avoid excessive fiscal competition.
That criticism is directed against toe unqualified commit ment to the policy of socalled critical dialogue. The time really has come to accept that this socalled critical dialogue has failed.
■ Delegation for relations with Latvia Chair: Alfred Gomolka (EPP, D)
Question No 46 by Veronica Hardstaff (H-0640/97) Subject: BSE
There is no immediate or real danger of a ban being put into effect.
But we must careful not to close the door to this new experiment in government.
Furthermore this study will prepare toe report on toe application of the provision in the draft Directive concerning the smaU retail business (amendment 22, adopted by the European ParUament in toe first reading, and Article 13 of toe Council's common position).
Mr President, there is often a fine line between aggressive environmentalism and secret deals.
Stenzel (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, Austria has a model system of leave for working women.
0 Former Member of the Austrian Parliament. Former Chairman of the Green Party Parliamentary Group ¡n the Austrian Parliament.
I would be preaching here to the converted if I were to repeat what was also rightly stressed in the debate on the Thomas report concerning the multiple role played by
WHAT RIGHTS DOES THE REGISTRATION OF A
Decisions to be taken
In this respect'the international convention for the prevention of pollution from ships, the so called Marpol Convention, sets standards at international level on prevention of pollution by amongst other things, oil, sewage and garbage from ships.
This is also spelt out in a 1992 declaration which also calls for progressive convergence, for the same reasons.
And on the environment, there are some fine words, but no real changes are being made, except that the procedure established by the Court of Justice - which ruled that the environmental guarantee was unlawful and turned it into a derogation, whereby the Commission had to approve any divergences in the Member States - is now actually being confirmed.
I should like to point out that some important initiatives have also been taken here by toe Commission.
It is a free-standing industry, it has its own identity and it must pursue its own interests as an industry.
Especially in this area of Customs transport the business community is interested in thorough and complete harmonisation, if not unification, of the legal framework.
How ever, the Commission has not said anything different.
In form the Amsterdam Treaty is an international agreement, but in content it is the constitution for a new state with common rights and freedoms and Union citizenship.
Legally speaking, when we have a good report and examine distorted competition then we can adapt the situation.
Reform of transit imposes not only technical and legal reforms but distinct political decisions and action.
This graph shows the uneven burden of transit over the Community.
So I believe we should have the courage to look things in the face.
Has any Member State proposed that the new ah safety agency discussed at the Transport Council on 12-13 December 1996 be established on its territory and would toe Council view favourably toe location of this new agency in Shannon in Ireland?
The need to strengthen the dynamics of the single market was precisely and firmly highlighted in the recent action plan on the internal market presented by the Commission at the initiative of Commissioner Monti.
Once again there has been deceit, and in the elections the freely elected community council was dissolved, to be replaced by other individuals loyal to Serbia.
Warlike conditions still prevail in these countries, which are declared safe third countries by this automatic signature.
WOMEN
(B4-0552/97) by Mrs Lenz and others, on behalf of the PPE Group, on the situation in Colombia;
Morgan (PSE), rapporteur. - Madam President, the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media has always acknowledged the importance and significance of the information society for our future economic wellbeing.
Mr Posselt's question concerns the problems bound up with taking in refugees from war or civil war.
Thirty-five staff to begin with is quite useful.
Investment in improving the global environment is invest ment in jobs and prosperity and it is high time this was given more credibility by finance ministers.
I think that would be of value to the Commission to have some scrutiny and comment - constructive comment, I hope - from Parliament.
Question No 35 by Ursula Stenzel (H-0128/97) Subject: Phare - Poland
Publishing and printing
These steps have resulted in a proposed amendment to the Treaty, tabled by the President of the European Parliament and adopted, with slight changes, by the intergovernmental conference.
I hope that the Commission will consider these recommendations, but above all that in future the Commission, and also Parliament, as we must also put our own house in order, will take the discussion on enlargement and the resources to be allocated to it somewhat more seriously.
The 'Lamont' Recommendation of 1992 underpins much of what has been said in this report and what has been agreed today in ParUament.
These obviously go hand in hand with a greater opening of the passenger and goods transport markets.
Debates of the European Parliament
Alber (PPE). - (DE) Madam President ladies and gentlemen, these proposals will mean that enterprises, by submitting a single application, will obtain protection for theh trademark as a Community trademark, not only in the Community but in all States which are party to the Madrid Protocol.
Furthermore, no evidence has been produced of any agreement between these bodies, which would be contrary to the rules of competition.
Exactly the opposite is needed.
Such goods consequently had to be monitored while they were carried on Portuguese roads.
In a few Member States, the current approach is too recent to be changed in the near future (Belgium, the Netherlands).
0 Member of the National Committee of the PS.
It is a sector which could set an example for many others, and the best thing about this proposal is that it finally sets out in black and white who needs to do what to strengthen our competitive position, it being clear that the main responsibility in this respect lies with the chemical industry itself.
• with regard to the environment, the action of the EP has led to an amendment of the directive on assessment of the environmental impact of public and private projects to ensure better monitoring of these projects by Community authorities.
Debates of the European Parliament
The background to this decision is the fact that during the Six-Day War in 1967, West Jerusalem was bombarded from the surrounding hills.
Firms in the most peripheral EU regions are particularly tempted to move abroad where things are cheaper, thus increasing the strain on the job market within the Community.
The single currency and the European Parliament
The keynotes of this report are the following: in the first place, we are arguing in favour of remaining within Article 85 of the Treaty.
In any case, there is no doubt that the crude application of a market share criterion would fail to conespond to the genuine nature of the market, from the point of view of its structure.
WhUe OBD will indicate toat a component is faulty, a repairer will still need information (e.g. service manuals) to show where that component is installed on toe vehicle and what steps to take to repair or replace it.
UN Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
The special envoy has recently reported to Parliament on the occasion of the hearing at the Parliament's Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence PoUcy.
DOC EN\CM\307\307143
The justified desire to have a European social law must find expression through a democratic process, which is respectful of diversity and fundamental rights, and of the relevant conventions of the International Labour Organization.
Of course, Mr President, it is an unfortunate fact that accidents can never be completely prevented but it is possible to reduce the risk of them occurring and to make rescue work more effective.
I give the floor to Mr Happart, the first signatory of the motion of censure. .
If there is clear evidence of criminal activity on the part of third parties, it is unacceptable that action should be taken immediately and solely against the principals, thereby indirectly facilitating and encouraging crime.
Antilla (ELDR). - (FI) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my congratulations to the rapporteur) Mrs Barthet-Mayer.
Why should this be so?
Because of the serious budgetary constraints of which we are aware, and for fear that children from other Russian cities could be encouraged to migrate to Moscow, the municipal authorities are in fact withholding any support on the grounds that these children do not have formal documents, even though their Russian nationality is beyond question.
Later on, we noted the emergence of Asian demand which seems to be lasting.
For that country, we remain the fundamental anchor. That element is very often overlooked in Europe.
I should add, ladies and gentlemen, that the argument along the lines of 'hold on, don't let's do anything until the fifth directive on worker participation, the tenth directive on crossborder mergers and the draft plan for the European company have been unfrozen' is too reminiscent of the 'web of Penelope', which of course was never finished at all.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is intended as a proper respect for the competence of the Bureau to fulfil the mandate it has been given. It was asked to produce a report to Parliament by April.
Otherwise, when can they be expected?
Cresson, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am very pleased to be addressing you here today on the future of the European voluntary service for young people, thanks to the proposal for a decision on a multiannual programme.
(The sitting ended at 10.10 a.m.)
Legislation is insufficient, still.
They also met at the Fifth Conference of European Ombudsmen on 10-11 November 1995 in Spain (Las Palmas).
I am aware that the absence of a lasting solution to the Cyprus problem could undermine enlargement as a whole.
Major technological and industrial bases are at stake, which can also be used for civilian purposes (dual purpose); they also involve a large number of jobs in the EU.
I think that the European Union ought not to take on further new, difficult and wide reaching tasks.
(closing formula and signature)
The first step is to computerise the outdated 1968 transit system.
Grand Gold Decoration with Ribbon for Services to the Republic of Austria.
Member of the SF's executive committee 1980-1982). SF Chairman in Arhus (1980-1982).
The President's announcement shall bemade during the part-session tollowingthe receiptof such documents.
We owe this fundamental quality assurance not only to patients, but also to taxpayers.
The Commission has been developing on French territory, since 1996, three priority actions under the Prince programme approved by me European Parliament and with the active collaboration of that institution.
First, codecision.
In the Proposal for a revision of the Drinking Water Directive (COM(94)612 Final) the Commission has not set a parametric value for asbestos, as there is no consistent, convincing evidence that ingested asbestos is hazardous to health at the concentrations normally found in drinking water.
That is what I have emphasized in an amendment which I commend to the House.
Debates of the European Parliament
In that capacity he was entitled to exercise, under the authority of the Administrative Council, some of the functions and powers of the president of the Office.
The purpose of this system is to assist in pursuing serious contraventions of national laws in the customs sector.
The opinion may include amendments to the text referred to the committee andsuggestions for parts of the motion for a resolution submitted by the committeeresponsiblebu,t shall notincludeany motionfor a resolutionas such.
There have been considerable changes in Sweden's attitudes to cooperation, even military cooperation. In his well balanced report Mr Tindeman is facilitating this gradual but obvious change and I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate him on his report.
I think that we must honestly admit that.
Mayor of Sint­Niklaas (1989).
That solution appears easy and could be implemented straight away, but it would achieve nothing.
Now in all honesty we must admit that when the Netherlands did not yet have the Presidency of the European Union, Minister Van Mierlo once visited China to get landing rights for KLM at Peking airport and on that occasion Mr Van Mierlo said that the European Union must champion human rights and that we would take care of trade policy ourselves.
This is a huge project drawn up at Community level concerning a code of safety standards for flight navigation equipment which must be translated and published in all the official languages of
Turkey's over-reaction must not prevent us from carrying out the promises we have made to Cyprus.
If we are to speak to the people of Europe, then the people's rights must be covered by the people's Court and the people's Parliament. ment.
This procedure should be that currently being developed by the IPCC.
Passed university entrance examination. Trained as an editor.
A fascinating contest will develop: a race for the patronage of consumers.
This is the fundamental conclusion of the first committee of inquiry set up under the Treaty on European Union by the European Parliament in December 1995 and which reported to the plenary in March 1997.
The vote will take place today at 12.00 noon.
If we wanted to give the impression that the European Union is a club for the rich, inaccessible to the poor, then we have gone the right way about it.
Debates of the European Parliament
This Regulation permits applying, upon a complaint by an interested party, redressive duties where third country shipowners engaged in international cargo liner shipping cause serious disruption of the freight pattern and cause major injury to Community shipowners and Community interests by unfair pricing practices; unfair pricing practices are defined as the charging of freight rates which are lower than the normal freight rates when such lower freight rates are made possible by the fact that the shipowner concerned enjoys non-commercial advantages which are granted by a State which is not a member of the Community, such as a subsidization.
0 Has held office in the Labour Party at all levels.
What is the meaning behind the report which the Commit tee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection is proposing?
Proposal for a Council Decision on a specific measure to encourage Italian fishermen to diversify out of certain fishing activities (COM(96)0682 - C4-0037/97-9670308(CNS))
This power is in addition to Parliament's right to censure the Commission; the adoption of a 'motion of censure' would force the Commission to resign.
Debates of the European Parliament
The politicians must stop making concessions.
We agree with Mr Rovsing's appraisal of communication failings and about the need to establish priorities and clarify the European Union's obligations.
It is toe cost to toe Community if those precautions are not followed through.
At the heart of this debate is nothing less than responsibility. It is about morals and ethics.
For example, toe cattle marking system amounts to an enormous population bookkeeping exercise; it relates to millions of individuals, which, moreover, are replaced rapidly.
The following candidacies have to date been officiaUy submitted for designation as 'European city of culture' after the year 2000:
Debates of the European Parliament
The structural funds have a key role to play in strengthening business activity. The concern expressed in the report about the large discrepancy between commit ments and payments in the structural funds is partly justified.
I entirely agree that married couples and cohabiting couples should be treated equally.
This is why I would specifically ask the Commissioner to look into the results of this ADAC study and give us his detailed comments on them.
Parliament has, for example, appointed a European Ombudsman to whom the citizens of the Union have the tight to appeal.
At their meeting in December, members of the Administrative Council were able to make the acquaintance of a number of local and regional dignitaries, including the prefect of Maine-et-Loire, the president of the Conseil Général of the department and the Mayor of Angers.
They said very glibly 'textiles is the answer', but it has to be pointed out that the US is one of the most protectionist countries in textiles in the world.
Should the committee decide that an interpretation of the existing Rules issufficient, it shall forward its interpretation to the President who shall inform Parliament.
Madam President, let me just say that yesterday, Mr Santer stated that he is in favour of compulsory labelling.
0 Local government councillor (1979-1983).
This is particularly important given the need for lifelong learning, and I am very pleased that my amendment to this effect was adopted in the Committee on Culture.
All production aid should be stopped and transferred to holdings under specifically determined rules.
We would then be in a much stronger position to discuss these matters with the Americans and the Japanese and to establish principles.
Each of these autonomous national systems will inter­act with each other using a common communications infrastructure.
My constituent runs a small business which happens to con tain all women employees.
The award of the Nobel Peace Prize to Bishop Ximenes Belo and Mr Ramos Horta sent out another alarm signal over violations of human rights in that tenitory.
The report which Parliament has now called for illustrates clearly why discoveries such as mad cow disease are able to continue year after year without action being taken.
I wish to emphasize in the strongest possible terms here that humanity, trust and personal commitment depend not on the method of treatment, but entirely on the person carrying out the treatment - in other words, the doctor or therapist.
I see the difficult of policing an institution which contains the likes of Mr Bernard Antony, who was convicted on 15 May in Montpellier for racism, fined FF 50,000 and received a six-mont suspended jail sentence, and Roberta Angelilli who endorsed the re-enactment of the book-burning of Hitler's Nazis in Rome, but can the President assure me that in future the security services will try to ensure we are protected from this kind of vandalism? ism?
Personal and private interests must take second place.
Information for the consumer's benefit is crucial in this context and is necessary to help kick-start the market which has been hit hard and which has heavily penalized producers upstream.
We have projects for immigrant women, for cooperation be tween the police and women's organizations with regard to female rape victims, for the setting up networks and exchanging experiences and models of good practice.
However, I must also say that the procedure by which we all receive documents, is very difficult.
Since the mandataire had to combine this function with his normal professional duties, much responsibility fell to the young and relatively inexperienced staff of the Office.
What types of controls has the Commission introduced to prevent the use of such hormones in European meat?
The Commission is the Union's executive institution.
President. - There is a view in the Conference of Presidents that now that we have established a set begin ning time for votes we should not alter that.
But we must not search out the guilty on one side only, there may be more of them on one side and less on another, but mere are guilty on both side and it strikes me as strange that we look for them only on one side and not on the other. And I
Unfortunately, the proposal did not win the support of the Council.
Conflict prevention should be an intrinsic element of policy in this field.
For example, my country, Germany, was given only 50 ha for the permanent abandon ment of winegrowing areas.
Thirdly, the principles for effective and equal application of the competition rules to facilitate the transition of the sector to a competitive environment, i.e. harmonized rules and a harmonized approach by the national regulatory authorities, and objective criteria when assessing whether there has been a distortion of the competition rules.
It is not just the vote that is important.
The BSE crisis has understandably shaken consumer confidence in beef.
♦ JEPs ONLY: short, targeted intensive courses (including language training) for groups of students from the partner country.
I believe that we can and should continue to do so, but there is a limit of course.
The 'communitization' of the justice and domestic pillar will be very limited and there will be no real redressing of the balance within the European institutions.
In principle, negotiation is always the right way to seek to resolve a conflict.
It concluded with a recommendation to have rules on public access to documents within three months.
So we hope the European ParUament will be adequately represented in Malta and that all the non-governmental organizations wiU be present at a civil forum financed by the European Union.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
I refer to the need for simplification - something that has been so often repeated in the Commission's statements when the Commissioner has attended meetings of the Committee on Regional Policy, that is repeated in Mr Podestà's report and that has been highlighted as a matter of great urgency by my fellow speakers here today.
President. - Question No 13 by Mr Papayannakis (H-0150/97)
It alone will have responsibility for setting short-term interest rates and for using other monetary instruments necessary to preserve the stability of the Euro.
Because of the additional difficulties they face in abusing a legitimate transit procedure, criminals are now resorting to smuggling goods into the Community's customs territory.
It is good administrative practice to pay bills on time.
In annex you will find a country by country status report of the tobacco contraband situation in 8 of the EU member states.
The I-EDN Group expected the work of the Committee of Inquiry to produce recommendations of this kind urging closer cooperation among the Member States and customs authorities, and not the establishment - even if it is finally envisaged as a long-term measure in the vague form of a 'European framework' - of an additional Community body.
Part II: Questions to designated Commissioners thoroughly oversee this matter where it falls under his responsibility.
Ultimately, the solution adopted by the Heads of State and Government regarding the number of Commissioners is not so very different from the Commission's view.
Jackson on the application of Community environment law in the Member States.
The question now is what to do about it.
Contrary to what was said, the ambassadors do coordinate theh activities; there is even a presidency provided by the ambassadors, even though the presidency of the Union is not one of the countries represented by an embassy.
A com mon complaint is that it is hard, not to say impossible, to find qualified women for expert bodies.
These meant that the infamous Perrier advertisement was rightíy banned.
There may be some differences of emphasis, but that is quite logical and normal.
The Committee of the Regions is an advisory committee consisting of 222 representatives of local and regional autho­rities, who are appointed by the Member States.
In a moment I will be telling you about all the other Western-oriented countries where similar things happen.
Individual Mobility Grants (IMG) (please refer to chapter 6)
Once recognized by the United Nations, the new countries emerging from the collapse of the USSR have been able to become contracting parties to Conventions administered by the UN without having to furnish proof that they are capable of applying the provisions of such Conventions.
Human Rights
I am pleased to say that the political instability seems to have been reduced with the anival of the new govern ment. It is to be hoped that the military, although they support a secular Turkey, will now once again withdraw from politics.
Sitting of TUesday, 16 September 1997
In other words, there is a parallel between the powers of recommendation we have exercised so far in budgetary matters and those that we can extend into the economic field.
We are debating about three or four republics in the Trans-Caucasian area, about the same number or more in Central Asia, for all of which we have allowed a very brief joint debate.
And aU this justifies a vote of censure against the Commission.
McMahon (PSE). - Mr President there are a hundred million people in developing countries who depend for their very basic survival on fishing - not just for their livelihood but their survival.
One of the main aspects of this review is risk assessment, of course with the related classification, so that parallelism can be achieved with the corresponding administrative procedures for granting permits for the release of genetically modified organisms into the environment.
Among others, this package provides for the creation of new administrative structures, for tightening up the procedures, for practical support measures and improving the skills of the programme managers, more efficient procedures for monitoring, con trolling and assessing the programmes and simplified procedures for transfers of resources to the organizations responsible.
They have lost control of the industry upstream, where toe feedstuffs manufacturers are concerned, and they have lost control of the industry downstream to toe large food chains.
If we fail to allow such a network to develop at all, then, even retroactively, we shall not be able to enjoy the benefits of this utilization. The big question here, going far beyond toe confines of this sector, is: to whom should toe costs of social policy be passed on - who should bear them?
Some Member States estimate the benefits of the avoided costs of illness (Spain, Luxembourg, the Netherlands).
Teacher in vocational education.
.In view of this, the aim to regulate the flow of illegal material cannot be considered as anything other than extremely desirable.
Economic and monetary union is irrevocably on its way towards the third stage.
Redondo Jiménez (PPE), rapporteur. - (ES) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, at the time of approval of Regulation 2843 in 1994, the Council made a promise to consolidate regulations relating to Objective 5 A since, as they have been amended more than a dozen times since their adoption, the existing texts are now difficult to read and virtually incomprehensible for anyone who is not a specialist in the policy of farming structures.
Debates of the European Parliament
Amadeo (NI). - (LT) Mr President, the social dialogue at Community level does not always take unambiguous form.
The Commission submitted to toe Council on 16 December 1996 a recommendation for a CouncU Decision authorizing the Commission to start negotiations with a view to establishing a European organization responsible for civil aviation safety.
There is a set of principles we believe in almost as a dogma, although I do not like dogma in anything, probably not even in this.
Secondly, the results in relation to a common foreign and security policy are nothing if not modest; the Denver summit showed what great challenges Europe is facing in this regard, for the United States wants to establish its predatory system as a model for the rest of the world!
We are unfortunately still far removed from that objective on the threshold of the next century.
This is very, very serious.
Europeans could have devised no more powerful symbol of reconciliation.
For example, if the bad debt was ECU 1 miUion and the poUtical risk had been assessed in advance to be 40 %, under the proposal in this report the European Union guarantee would be only ECU 400 000.
Waddington (PSE). - Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to speak about one part of this report, namely the issue of homelessness.
However, cooperation with the Council of Europe has been established and toe Year aims to build on the experiences of the Council of Europe's Youth Campaign against Racism.
(FR) I will say a few words in French as comments have been made in French on substances.
Some Latin American countries have very serious drug trafficking and corruption problems, but we dare not raise a hypocritical accusatory finger until we can deal rigorously with this, because the coca being produced would not be converted into drugs unless there were was a demand for these.
Myller (PSE). - (Fl) Mr President, I should like to thank the rapporteur, David Thomas, for the work he has done to secure a broadly acceptable compromise.
This means that there is now a lot of choice, and many new companies have created many new job opportunities.
In exercising these duties the Committee on Budgetary Control will cooperatecloselywith the Committee on Budgets.
Last year at the Habitat Conference in Istanbul, the first steps were taken at international level to provide housing for all, and action now needs to be taken at local, national and global levels.
It has not yet been ratified.
The directives on the protection during transport of live animals for slaughter is not being complied with.
For one thing we have an Intergovernmental Conference advancing at a snail's pace on this chapter, but, most important of all, we are rapidly approaching a NATO summit which is going to widen that organization geographically and strengthen its functions.
We were ordered to speak here this evening - normally I would have been called at 3 p.m. today.
These costs fall under the costs of stay category.
In order to make better use of the time available, the President, after consultingthe political group chairmen, shall reach agreement with the Council and Commission on the limitation of the speaking time for their respective statements, ifany, in the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
If he can get those types of concessions from the arbitration deal on 25 September he will have done the Windward Islands a tremendous favour.
We would be betraying the Euro pean ideal if, now that the military 'iron curtain' has gone, we allowed a new rich-poor divide to come into being.
McCartin (PPE), draftsman of the opinion of the Com mittee on Budgets. - Mr President, I have provided the opinion for the Committee on Budgets on the agreement with Azerbaijan.
DIRECTORATE-GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
0 Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog.
If I may say so, I think it is more than that - it is the most visible part of Community law.
It is not enough but it is quite a substantial improvement, and I would sincerely hope that we might be able to have the same kind of progress in the other institutions as well.
What we are trying to do is to make sure that the infrastructure - the future infrastructure - in these countries enables them gradually to be incorporated into the system of low interest rate loans from the European Investment Bank.
The directive is of great practical significance and, in the report we are debating today, the Commission undertakes an analysis of how the directive has worked since it came into force.
After decades of integration in the Community, the overseas departments are still ranked among the most disadvantaged in the European Union.
In principle, several national variety offices in Member States will be entrusted to act as Examination Office.
2 - From outside the European Union
I beUeve, too, that stricter labelling requirements would help farm ers.
Industry felt that the proposals on which the Commission had based their original proposals were seriously flawed.
The Liberal Group cannot agree to projects receiving more than 50 % finance from the Union.
The Ministry of Finance in the Plague has offered connections tor Flagship with other minisuies in Germany and Belgium.
That is the simple, unvarnished fact today: it no longer serves any purpose at all !
There are no permanent military installations at the airport.
Graefe zu Baringdorf (V), draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. ­
Caccavale (UPE). - (LT) Mr President, I too believe that this debate on Turkey is taking place at a very sensitive and special time, at a moment of transition when it is very difficult to assess the intentions of the new government.
What steps has the Commission taken or does it intend to take as regards applying the Community's rales of competition to the recent rise in air fares operated simultaneously by the main Spanish airlines?
► Among young adolescents prevalence of solvent misuse may be higher than of any other drug apart from cannabis.
· at the proprietor's request. A basic renewal fee and class fees for each class of goods or services in excess of four must be paid: these fees are doubled in the case of collective marks.
This creates an illusion of relatively cheap transport by car, but what is happening is that each and every transport user is subsidizing the journeys made byothers, and everyone - even non-owners of cars - is paying for the externa! costs: infrastructures, congestion, accidents and environmental pollution.
The first attempt at a peaceful approach to a conflict which has left so many open wounds came after the American intervention and with the Dayton Agreement.
We should recognize toe progress which has been made, in spite of everything: no one should be led to think that the task is so great that this is not of any use.
Will the Commissioner tell us what initiatives the Commission intends to pursue in this regard?
Nationalism is far more destructive and the Union far more fragile than many people realize.
Debates of the European Parliament
Only if all these people, who are lobbyists in the broadest sense of the word, were named, would the picture be complete and accurate.
Estevan Bolea (PPE). - (ES) Commissioner, as Mr Adam said, we would like to have firm information and not just guesses about whether the EBRD is going to respond or not - you still don't know - and whether Euratom and the EBRD will finance these two reactors if Ukraine makes certain promises.
On the one issue I want to address I will probably be shot down, but there are some parts of the European Union flag fleet that do not contribute to that problem.
The Accession Treaty also gives the Commission the option of adopting protective measures at toe request of the Member State concerned in the event of serious disturbances resulting from trade in the area of agriculture between one or more of the new Member States and the Community as it was composed on 31 December 1994, or between toe new Member States themselves.
Dybkjær (ELDR). - (DA) Mr President, I will concentrate on three points.
We still have major reservations in many respects about extending this principle.
But if you look at the four stages or this programme more closely, it is not based on the assumption that there is a kind of artificial, superior, European culture that has nothing to do with the individual cultures of the regions and peoples.
Debates of the European Parliament
already guaranteed, we should not demand any more than is necessary, in other words we must also avoid any duplicated collection requirements.
The trend towards commercial consolidation also causes particular anxiety because of the consequences that this has in the distortion of competition, and these consequences have, quite rightly, been described in the opinions that you have put forward. But very many speakers have
The necessary area for theh development does not exist, and as a rule qualified personnel is lacking.
We all know that globalization of the economy leads to social disparities and thus development aid, which is the premise on which the Lomé Convention is based, should be an instrument of economic regularization for a better distribution of the wealth of this planet.
Because what happened in Setúbal, in Portugal, only merited a pious resolution with no consequences whereas what happened in Belgium aroused strong reactions of solidarity, demonstrations, strikes and even the Commissioner did not hide his Belgian origins.
Approval of the Minutes, p. 257 - 2.
But, in view of what you have said, I propose extending the deadline to 3 p.m. tomorrow, Tuesday.
President. ­ The next item is the debate on the report (A4­0165/97) by Mr Wiersma, on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations, on the Commission's PHARE 1994 and 1995 Annual Reports (COM(95)0366 ­C4­0022/96 and COM(96)0360 ­ C4­0176/97).
EUROPEAN COMMISSION
In the latter area many aspects received too little attention.
We reject a settlements policy, which seeks to create a fait accompli before talks have even started and negotiations begin.
Mr Santer, the seriousness of the Commission's faiUngs in its handling of the BSE affair, and the risks to pubUc health which they produced, are clearly demonstrated by the Committee of Inquiry's report.
Teacher.
Rule 28Accountability of the Bureau, the Gonferenceof Presidents and the Quaestors
Only then did the Association become aware of the fraud. In a conversation between the Association's employee responsible for the guarantee vouchers and the Customs Investigation Service, the latter said that 'all transit operations involving cigarettes were the subject of economic crime'.
(The sitting was opened at 9 a.m.)
It should be pointed out here that the Commission will very soon be submitting to the Council and Parliament the first European report on access to continuing training in the Union, which follows on from the Council's recommendation on this subject in 1993, along with the guidelines to be followed in this key area of vocational training policy in the Community.
Many of them are employed on a full-time basis, so toat they appear as normally registered employees and are covered by social security Uke all other employees.
The two common positions before the House obviously command widespread support, as evidenced by the debate this evening.
The labour market is now made up of about 40 % women and that is great progress.
Now there is a consensus that the IGC - Intergovernmental Conference - must include in the new Treaty the status of ultraperipheral regions.
The network of the UGT's Centros-Guía was first set up in 1991 and there are now centres in the 11 Autonomous Communities with the largest immigrant populations.
In order to protect the monk seal, which is nearly extinct, the European Parliament called on the Commission in 1990 to prepare an action programme to save it.
The Commission proposal does head in the right direction in this respect, specifying that the human body and its elements, in their natural state, cannot be patented.
In the present case, the WTO panel maintains that regardless of whether they come from EU countries, ACP countries, framework agreement countries or other third countries, bananas are products of the same description under GATT and must therefore be treated in the same way. We have to consider whether that view is conect
However, I cannot accept Amendment No 7, since the notion of sensitive areas is impractical. The whole world after all is a sensitive area.
That, Mr President-in-Office, is why I have been paying careful attention to your proposals on employment and social policy.
We think it important that clear rules be drawn up on a EU-wide basis governing what can and what cannot be patented and that definitions be given of what constitutes an invention and what constitutes a discovery that cannot be patented.
The issue of patents cunendy operates nationally.
Parliament's most important role within EMU will be in relation to the European Central Bank.
I consider it unacceptable that the Algerian Government is being relatively hesitant and reserved.
Answer
We certainly have to be innovative here. So these opportunities should not be rejected from the outset but should be exploited.
Van Dok-Van Weele. - (NL) I am pleased that you have again emphasized the urgency of this problem and its consequences.
The Union is not institutionally ready for enlargement.
Debates of the European Parliament
When similar things were happening in Russia, not one of you would have dreamed of cutting Mr Yeltsin adrift.
This is even more clearly the case when the customs services have been less than effective in applying the basic provisions of the Community transit system.
This year., Parliament has
We hope that toe Commission will accept these amendments we have proposed.
The Commission would like to point out that the Community budget contains no instrument for compensating for annual harvest or production losses following a natural disaster, such as that caused by the hailstorm in question.
In order that the Committee as a whole could be appraised of the important information provided by the Guardia di Finanza in this meeting, the Chairman invited its representatives to attend a Committee meeting in Brussels.1
Secondly, we must avoid a situation where providers of encrypted services obtain such a high degree of legal protection that they acquire a quasi-monopoly position in various sections of the market.
I also do not think it opportune to continue this discussion solely from examining the consequences for one sector alone.
I think this should be.a lesson to the United Nations, that there are countries that want to progress, and will not wait until the very last mine manufacturer is ready to stop production.
I personally think that the EU must set an ambitious goal.
As a second point, the Committee on Legal Affairs takes the view that different directives should not be enacted for each individual type of nonconventional medicine, since the very contentious issue then arises of what is nonconventional medicine?
Addresses, including telephone and telefax numbers of such focal points will be transmitted, as soon a possible, to the UN/ECE secretariat for the setting up of an international directory.
We can also propose cooperation principally orientated, within the framework of the association agreement, in favour of reconstituting toe social fabric, so toat Algeria can one day have the intermediary bodies and mediation authorities necessary for the operation of a democracy.
An advisory committee on procurements and contracts (CCAM) will also be set up to allow the publication of invitations to tender specifically aimed at the needs of the Centre and the agencies which use its services.
We really should see to it that with our 314 votes we manage more frequently to prevent the entry into force of provisions that do not seem useful.
In more practical terms, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, the Luxembourg Council must tell us what it intends to do for the decisions taken at the Luxembourg Summit on 20-22 November to be taken into account in the 1998 budget, whose first reading before the European Parliament is due on 21 November.
Flynn, Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the announcement by Renault to close its plant in Vilvoorde has caused shock and consternation.
It is a commitment to well thought out and continuous action setting aims, specifying the means and proceeding to evaluations.
Vandemeulebroucke (ARE). - (NL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, since the fall of the Berlin Wall, we have gradually been making progress towards international agreements on reducing nuclear weapons and a total ban on chemical weapons.
Vice­President of the Christian Democrat International.
So we should aim at the necessary coordination of bilateral relations too, in order to ensure that our deshe for cooperation is taken seriously by our Transcaucasian partners; joint and even further-reaching proposals in the framework of bilateral relations, i.e. with Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia, could also act as incentives during the future negotiations.
Today this House must get it clearly across to the Council that China, Turkey, Burma and East Timor are part of toe list of priorities.
We have also made progress in involving the economic and social partners, both in the framework of the 1995 agreement and in relation to the new Objective 2 programmes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the photograph of the Heads of State and of Government who put the final touches to the new Treaty of Amsterdam speaks for itself.
Those are the causes of the pressure of immigration upon the European Union, pressure which is being massively exploited by the ladies and gentlemen on the Right for their own unpleasant purposes.
The vote on the Medina Ortega report and the eight motions for resolutions wUl take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Secondly, it is very important to revise, simplify and improve the fiscal treatment of SMEs, something that must also be applied to administrative treatment, as illustrated by a very graphic example by the rapporteur, Mrs Torres Marques.
Industrial Relations
The Commission has undertaken to find the best way of restarting discussions on the subject.
I do not think we should bring pressure to bear by threatening to withhold financial aid if they do not cooperate in the way we want.
After all, we cannot continue having advisory offices in order to help us find our way through the bureaucratic European application procedures.
The condition of unanimity for CFSP is a real nonsense and cannot be justified by any argument.
■ The minutes of ECB Council meetings should be published in the form of summaries 'including the decisions taken and the reasoning behind them at the latest by the day after its next meeting'.
We cannot and will not accept the cut of ECU 1 billion in structural funds payment appropriations.
We wish to invest in the future - today we had workers from Renault here, and we have problems with the miners in Germany - but what are we doing? In the very areas that have a bearing
Nor do we benefit from offset payments which are affected by this monetary system, but we obtain our prices from the market; we get the prices from the quality of our products and from the awareness of our consumers that these products have a special value for them.
The letter was not sent to the 626 Members, but to those for whom Parliament did not have a fax number.
Canada is a great country with which we have strong historical, political and economic ties.
Chichester (PPE). - Mr President, let me begin by congratulating the rapporteur on her report.
Sanctions must be imposed on the British Government, which is guUty of seriously violating the rules of the internal market and organizing a large-scale economic crime, and which should be brought before the European Court of Justice.
First of all, there is the need for greater flexibility on the labour market.
(B4-0618/97) by Mr Roubatis and others, on behalf of the PSE Group, on human rights in Tunisia;
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon. (')
33 Commodity Cede
The Commission is aware of the concerns raised by the honourable Member regarding possible unequal distribution of the finances managed by 'TOK-EFD', the NGO promoter managing the Objective 3 Operational Programme of the European Social Fund, under the framework established by the federal Ministry of Labour and Employment.
TOTAL
The Conference of Presidents has cut question time to the Council by thirty minutes in order to incorporate an extra Council state ment.
Debates of the European Parliament
PROPOSED SUMMARY OF PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS AUTHORIZATIONS AND PROPOSED CONDITIONS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORIZATION FOR THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT GONAL- F" PROPOSED LABELLING AND USER PACKAGE LEAFLET
Kenya was not always the scene of disorder and brutality.
Proposal for a European Parliament and Council Decision on reference laboratories for the monitoring bacteriological and viral contamination of bivalve molluscs (COM(97)0310 - C4-0319/97-97/0182(COD))
Let me conclude by thanking the Commission for the very cooperative manner in which they invariably agreed to provide us with the various updated figures, and may I finally thank everyone who helped with this report, including Members of this House.
In the programme as a whole, ECU 147 m is devoted to research on socioeconomic issues, and this in a society which is undergoing radical social and environmental change.
0 Author of press and journal articles, a collection of essays 'Women in movements, yesterday, today, tomorrow' and II y a deux sexes' (1995).
It is for the European Commission to take further action here.
I cannot com­ment on the assertions made by certain people, but I can say that the BSE issue has been the subject of two major scientific conferences, which the Commission played a key role in setting up and whose results were widely published.
As you know, the Commission, after all these years -because we have in fact been occupied with this for four years now, and Parliament too has long been pressing for it - has now reached the point where we can go ahead with three countries.
This variation and the high contribution create a very uncertain investment climate for the telecommunications sector, prevent the creation of the internal market and we believe that it costs jobs.
Last weekend I was invited by a defence body represent ing the Donãna Park, a biosphere reserve and world heritage area, in Andalusia.
The fact is that the governments are dragging their feet on the ratifications. It shows a lack of respect for what they themselves joined together in deciding.
However, it appears that loans from the EBRD intended to finance the replacement power stations may be rejected, under the criterion of least cost.
For legislative proposals the committee responsible may decide, in order tofacilitate a positive outcome of the procedure, to present an interim report to Parliament with a motion for a resolution containing recomr,''tendations for modification or implementation of the proposal.
EquaUy vehemently, I would Uke to express soüdarity and condemnations of what we are going to approve.
Lastly, Mr President, allow me to conclude by saying that what is needed is firmness and political measures to control the zone's stability, and the support of the international sector for continued dialogue between the parties involved.
If the people in one particular country democratically decide to raise or lower their taxes we should not be able to prevent them from doing so.
An ineffective inquiry system
First we need more R & D resources.
However, both the Commission and the Council of Ministers, to gether with the scientific committees, have also seriously neglected their duty of care.
Striby and Fabre-Aubrespy (I-EDN), in writing. - (FR) Following examination of the conditions of the 1996 budgetary year, and in accordance with the Inter institutional Agreement of 29 October 1993, the Commission has asked the Council and the European Parliament to authorise the transfer to 1999 of appropriations not executed in 1996 and not carried over to 1997 to the headings of the Structural and Cohesion Funds, i.e. re spectively 545 and 17 million ECU.
It glosses over what is actually being discussed and what is . happening.
Izquierdo Rojo (PSE). - (ES) Madam President, Mr President of the Council, despite the parUamentory respect you are entitled to receive from me and the respect I accord to the fine parliamentary speeches - flamboyant, emotional, stirring speeches - toat we have heard this afternoon in this debate, with aU due respect I do not think this is what is needed in Algeria now.
Debates of the European Parliament
I would ask the tellers to go to Room 3 on the second floor to count the votes,
The 410 Members elected in the nine Member
Former head of hospital surgical division, Santiago de Compostela.
The payment appropriations for this Category have been re­duced by ECU 1 billion, a Council decision introducing the second part of its overall savings strategy.
There are only two amendments and I propose to accept the one from Mrs Roth-Behrendt Although I have sympathy with the one from Mr Florenz, I do not want to accept it because it unnecessarily restricts the freedom of manoeuvre of individuals and agencies.
All those involved at Federal, Land and Commission level, but here in Parliament too, must make their contribution.
I am thinking about the large networks and the framework programmes of research and development.
What needs to be underlined once again is the importance of harmonizing the existing legislation, because different legislation currently in force in the various Member States on classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations, constitutes, as the Commission has rightly shown, an obstacle to intra-Community trade, sustaining unequal competitive conditions and having a negative effect on the functioning of the internal market.
Methyl bromide, which has two thirds of the damaging potential of CFC, and is used mainly in developing countries in agriculture, is principal amongst these.
Our interest was not a theoretical one because any move the Japanese were forced to take would have been at the expense of European industry. So we were able effectively to defend ourselves.
The political and economic waght of the euro zone will contribute to monetary stability both within and outside the zone.
The same is true of the very necessary changes in cooperation on justice and home affairs, where important decisions have been postponed.
But I would ask you to consider that all the major programmes for 1994­1999 were already approved before this Commission took office and that this is the legal basis on which we have to work.
As previously mentioned the liberalization of the market and the free movement of goods between the EU Member States since 1 January 1993 have been interpreted by some interested parties as meaning that, with effect from that date, any natural or legal person may import tobacco into Spain.
It promotes a certain kind of team spirit which is all to the good, especially in the development of further solidarity between the Commission and this Parliament.
That is really what we need!
Questions Nos 49 to 53 will receive written answers. (')
Let me conclude by once again thanking Mrs Mann for her constructive and positive report.
(The sitting was opened at 10 a.m.)
President. - Question No 32 by Mr Juan Izquierdo Collado (H-0347/97)
■ Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy Chair: Umberto Scapagnini (UFE, I)
Report (A4-0118/97) by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the proposal for a Council Regulation amending regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 on the application of social security schemes to employed persons, to selfemployed persons and to members of their families moving within the Community and Regulation (EEC) No 574/72 laying down the procedure for implementing
A European Pariiament delegation must be allowed to visit the territory at once and report back to us.
Where an institution is unable to complywith the timetable laid down it shallnotify the other institution as to the reasons for the delay and propose a newtimetable.
But the small and mediumsized undertakings have also suffered, which is why so far there are no SMUs in the new Länder, even though assistance has been going on for a long time.
Chairman of government committees of inquiry on energy, overseas broad­casting, South Africa and aid for democracy (1977-1990).
As far as the other series of amendments are concerned, those related to the extension of reporting requirements to ships in transit, the Commission considers that Amend ments Nos 4, 5 and 6 are already reflected in the proposed Council directive for a European Ship Reporting System, the so-called EuroRep, which was adopted by the Com mission in December 1993, and is still before the Council.
Allow me, Mr President, to draw the attention of the House and the Commission to the tragic event that has struck Italy in two regions, Umbria and the Marche: the toll of victims is high as is the toll of lost works of art.
Question No 21 by Marianne Eriksson (H-0538/97) Subject: Homosexuals in the EU institutions
(B4-0644/97) by Mr Pettinari and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on human rights and the situation in Kenya;
President - Ladies and gentlemen, to a large extent the history of the European Community is the history of this Parliament, the Community institution whose evolution has been most closely linked to progress in the construction of the Community from the time the three Communities were created up to the present day.
We are abdicating our duty as legislators to stand back and to pause and reflect. In principle the Liberal Group believes this is wrong and in practice we will not be a rubber stamp.
Though some Member States are working to achieve more effective cooperation and to place relations with UCLAF on a formal footing20, others Member States have not yet acted.
Thirdly, Turkey. The Turkish government, supported in some places by Europeans, has so far always been able to avoid condemnation by toe UN Human Rights Commission.
So the presidency does not see any reason to change the decisions that were made at Amsterdam.
Voggenhuber (V). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, there is a high technocratic awareness of politics in the European Union, and much doubt about the capability of democracy in a complex society.
DOC EN\CM\291\291256
In part, the exercise served to confirm the impression that statistics were simply not available in many areas.
Community trade marks and other entries in the Register are thus accessible In the off cial languages of all the Member States of the European
It is not simply enough to have a Treaty on which there can be a minimalist agreement.
Brussels is abrogating its rights in favour of Geneva.
Europe attaches special attention to its relations with Asia.
If it moves into that area the public will become much more interested in Europe than they are today.
They are based on the report by Mr Tindemans adopted in May.
Debates of the European Parliament
Here we have another potential public health danger, and given toe reply toat toe President-in-Office has just provided, could I say that things should be taken more seriously.
Debates of toe European Parliament
However the picture given by these statistics is often not complete.
Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1996
They were dispatched without any form of legal process. We read such things almost daily in toe papers.
Qualified interpreter/translator.
Surely they should be aware of a production method which can influence sales?
Much work was done to increase both its human and technical resources.
At the meeting of the Association Council, the European Union recalled Turkey's pledge to make fresh efforts to respect human rights.
There needs to be stringent control over any potential attempts to influence unduly the decision makers within the EU.
We have to protect our people from this danger, from those on the outside who wish to destroy our societies and our young people.
Answer
There will definitely be a chapter on employment and a social protocol will be incorporated - probably better than the previous one - but the main objective is not rhetoric about employment or limited social policies of an 'assistance type', nor creating social and economic policies which are not totally subordinate to the convergence criteria.
In any case this rationalization can only be properly completed if the Commission finds a coherent approach to its competition policy and its recommended restructuring policy.
In short, we must continue to move towards the freedom of movement of persons, turning the Schengen Agreements
In politics, Mr President, you have to be decisive. It is a considerably more difficult activity than it appears to be, and I believe that if an institution has some kind of basic or legal power, then it must use it.
* estimation of costs and benefits of OSH is becoming more important; the need for CBA was recently pointed out by the Italian Parliament
You may find this strange, but there is no degree of organization among the employers in Latin America either.
0 Member of the Greek Parliament (1977-1989).
But just as obviously I am not in favour of all kinds of quota regulations that all in all are rather degrading to women.
So is the Commission going to allow the WTO to dismantle the cooperation that we have built up with the ACP countries?
From our first beginnings in 1958 to January 1994 a total of no fewer than 48 000 European regulations, directives and instructions were enacted.
The economic effects of the assistance and their acceptance by the economy and the regions could be measurably and considerably improved by these proposed measures, with out incurring any extra expenditure.
But we can make every effort to ensure that the funding available through the European budgets is used in a more employment-friendly way, and we must learn to work together, learn from each other and listen to each other's ideas about practical employment policy.
In that respect this agreement brings expectations of partnership and cooperation.
Swoboda (PSE). - (DE) Madam President, human rights are indivisible and wherever they are violated we in this group, like many others in the House, will always con demn them.
0 Awarded the Order of Academic Palms.
That is partly true, and partly nonsense.
Subject: Food agency
If I had been a fly on the wall yesterday I could well have heard some people trying to make us believe that toe British Government was trying to promote BSE in our country.
We also need better investigations into specific draft laws on subsidiarity.
This is not exactly the same as saying we must maintain social security systems and strengthen them, if necessary.
The confidence pact for jobs that I unveiled before the European Parliament a little over a year ago was inspired by the same overall approach.
In the second place, "up-front" payment of duties, taxes and excise would impose far higher working capital requirements on companies, pending on-sale of goods or re-export from the Union.
It seems to us that the European Union should manage to get sanctions imposed against companies which do not comply with Community law and the Commission and the Parliament would be well advised to demand the revocation of a decision which so clearly runs counter to Community law.
Renewable energy sources, p. 210 - 4.
Furthermore, the Council requested SLORC to accept a visit from the United Nations special rapporteur in the near future.
He introduces compulsory visas and residence permits for toe children of German residents entering toe country from the traditional labour recruitment countries, especially Turkey.
We all agreed to it so we should stick to it.
22.11.1936 Head of political office France FN MEP: 24.07.1984 NI
I would therefore urge the Minister to ensure that this dialogue between the Council and Parliament remains on track throughout the Dutch presidency.
0 Chairman of the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment.
Quite apart from the fact that we should have formulated clear strategies and development programmes for renewables years ago.
That ballot wUl be the best possible guarantee of electoral representativity.
This will lead to a considerable loss of democracy.
A huge number of jobs are involved and maintaining dutyfree has particular relevance for regional development.
Documents are prepared indicating the delivery of cigarettes to destinations in North Africa.
President - As its author is absent, Question No 50 lapses.
The background for this annual - but today especially gloomy - agricultural mass can be summed up in three dates:
That being so, not every student has the opportunity to take part in activities which develop an international outlook.
I call for Article 9 in particular to be kept as it is and invite the House to adopt it as it stands, without changing anything.
I will provide her with a copy of the press report on what she was alleged to have done.
Which is why I once again ask the Commission why it has shelved the option of involving all candidates in the accession talks.
It is worth recalling that when the former Commissioner addressed the Committee he refuted these aUegations in a detailed, open, effective and comprehensive manner.
I therefore regard it as a matter of urgency for the European Union to intervene politically, because we cannot simply stand by to witness the likely explosion of Africa's largest country.
All ethnic communities have suffered from it and all parties to the conflict have been responsible for these acts.
But there must be some flexibility to allow us to accept that a country may use a certain traditional name in theh own country for the time being or until the matter has been resolved by some other means.
I think it is essential that we not only ensure that we have good legislation, but that we also ensure that it is applied to the letter in practice.
In the hearing on sport, held by the EP's Committee on Culture, particular concern was expressed at the reduction in sporting activity among young people in the various Member States and at the harmful effect this will have on children's and young people's health.
In . this legislation, we have provided that consumer organizations can also take legal action in another jurisdiction. I think this is something entirely new.
In any case, it is included in the written report.
Although many of the amendments adopted at first read ing by the European Parliament have not been incorporated into the common position, the Committee on Transport and Tourism has chosen to concentrate action on only a few objectives which it sees as being the most important.
Tacis Coordinating Unit Kemine Street 92 TME­744005 Ashgabat Tel.: (993)1­512117 Fax: (993)1­511721 e­mail:pm@taciscu.cat.glasnet.ru
Debates of the European Parliament
Ways of spending the rest, some 1.3 million ECU, are currently being studied.
Instead, there is a queue - look outside any advertising agency - of women seeking to engage in this profession.
It is now a matter for Belgium to take the measures required to comply with the judgment of the Court of Justice, in accordance with Article 171 of the Treaty, and for the Commission to ensure that such measures are effectively carried out.
What should that coordination of economic policies deal with?-I would say all questions of common interest.
If these reports are accurate, the United Kingdom acted in contravention of the embargo imposed following the BSE crisis.
Vandemeulebroucke (ARE). - (NL) Mr President, with mad cow disease we have seen ten years of total unconcern and criminal slackness, for the sake of ever greater profits.
We are talking about a sector, Mr Presi­dent, which has ancient traditions, and we are talking about an occupation which unites work, traditions and culture.
This exactly is its point: what kind of assistance can Members ask for from lobbies or anybody else?
The forests of central and northern Europe cannot be used in the same way as the Alpine forests, nor as the Mediterranean maquis, with the presence of man resulting not only in the use of forests to obtain wood but in tourism and recreational activity, triggering different problems, beginning widi hydrogeologicai protection of the land.
Fischler, Member of the Commission. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I too would like to congratulate Mrs Palacio VaUelersundi on her report, and thank her sincerely for her work on the committees.
Flexible regulations for the labour market were discussed at the time.
Does the Commission believe that companies in breach of these rules should continue to receive export subsidies?
Compliance with the existing framework conditions for vocational training in the Member States would, however, be the prerequisite for such a programme.
In particular, the traditional French Right is legitimizing the problems posed by the far Right by suggesting that there is a causal link between immigration - and even the symbolic figure of the foreigner - on the one hand and economic difficulties, unemployment and insecurity on the other.
I can suggest two scenarios: either the debate will be held from 9 p.m. to midnight on Tuesday - when he would be present - or we hold a debate with the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
I hope that he wiU nevertheless be informed of the contents of this debate.
Mr President, this is a problem we are going to have to resolve, within the more general framework of the system of mutual recognition of diplomas.
DIRECTORATE-GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
However, before proceeding to a concrete follow-up to the report, the Commission has still to wait for the final position to be taken by the European Parliament and the Council.
I will therefore vote in favour.
A person who is deficient in information is more excluded in the information society than people in a weak economic position are now.
Is the Commission considering the introduction of a levy on the sale of blank audiocassette tapes and copying equipment?
In that case, though, just to be difficult, I shall ask you why you didn't do that work back in early May, since the regulation came into force on 15 May, and I shall moan and groan a bit more and say you could have known, it's nothing new after all.
Our amendments adopted in committee should make it easier to make the machinery for managing individual references in traditional areas more flexible, which should increase the area effectively in production and should also increase ceilings of areas benefiting from reduced aid in non-traditional areas.
The Commission should continue to press to obtain better information of this kind.
Let us plainly condemn terrorism and violence.
When the Commission negotiates these protocol renewals, it ensures that the directives it was given by the Council are respected.
The subject of coordination seems especially important to me, above all with the regional and local authorities, especially on those aspects on which the regional authorities have significant jurisdiction as regards the Funds.
PROBLEM
They have either been exiled to England or, in some cases, lost theh jobs completely.
The general characterisation may be extended by adding that fraud is also understood to include: "the deliberately and purposely withdrawing goods from the supervision of Customs Authorities, where this is lawfully required, in order to pay no or less taxes."
Subject: Freedom of movement and restrictions im posed by the Belgian Government
Let me conclude by asking Commissioner Kinnock the following question: Is the Commission prepared to consider the problem of distance in its future work in this field?
The costs and means of financing this plan have been worked out in detail.
But we also had another reason for producing this report.
Debates of the European Parliament
The speeches dealt with the importance of plant breeding in the chain of agricultural production (by Mr Luc Guyau, Chairman of COPA), the outlook for the plant breeding industry in Europe (by Mr Wilhem Graf Von der Schulenburg, Chairman of Comasso (')), the plant as a biological system (by Prof. Dr Wolfgang Friedt, dessen University) and the French plant breeding from a European perspective (by Mr Pierre Llaurens, Chairman of Cosemco 0).
It is as simple as that, and so it is a matter not just of industrial poUcy or veterinary policy, it is a matter of public health.
What consideration or discussions took place in or with toe Commission concerning the imposition of a windfall tax on banks in the United Kingdom by the UK Government in 1981, and its compatibility with the then European Community law?
Cultural aspects in European Community action
Collins, Gerard (UPE). - Madam President, I wish to express my thanks to the President-in-Office and to the Commission President for their contributions to this de bate here this morning.
O numbers of police officers must be assigned to the eradication of the problem, and they must be given all necessary technical and other resources.
Hansen the European Parliament and my own group will be doing that in the coming months.
Currently a person who is residing in another Member State to further their studies is entitled only to 'minimal health care' if they are sick; this is a form of basic health care or emergency health care.
It is only through well founded explanations that we can combat hysteria and ease the way for novel food on to the European market.
The threats and dangers we face today from tenorism and the activities of organized criminals in drug­trafficking and other areas are extremely far­reaching.
The debate is closed.
Ladies and gentlemen, while it remains impossible - in Brcko, in Mostar, in the Republika Srpska and in many places in the Muslim-Croat Federation - for refugees really to return, and as long as we are unable to name a day by which the refugees must be allowed back, we shall continue having difficulties.
Not even the cloning of body cells, as was done in the case of Dolly the sheep, or the patenting of biological weapons are excluded in the Legal Commit tee's report.
Complaints to the European Ombudsman
The aim of such an EU Convention, is that a divorce judgment pronounced in one Member State will be recognized in all other Member States without any additional procedure.
We are therefore talking about over 300, 000 jobs which, as explained here, involves ecu 1000 million.
Sandbæk (I-EDN), in writing. - (DA) I am glad that Mr Lannoye's report has finally been put to the vote.
The contribution of people who have enormous practical experience and expert knowledge will be critical.
As we have heard, the Commission's pro posal has been pending there since 1994 and, according to the information I have received, the Commission has repeatedly indicated to the Council that it is in favour of a compromise being reached which could secure a qualified majority.
It is not easy.
The entire Greek tenitory was classified as a high fire risk area by the Commission in 1993.
Innovation action plan
One statistic adduced in favour of this argument was that some 40-50% of drugs discovered at Fiumicino airport arrived on internal Community flights.
I shall take the questions in order and I would ask members of the European Parliament to excuse me if, in the time allotted to me, I do not manage to answer with precision all of the questions put to me.
Because of the consequences for our industry of the suspension of the comprehensive community guarantee for cigarettes, we have been in contact with the European Commission Commissioner Monti wrote to us saying that the suspension of the comprehensive guarantee for cigarettes, since February of this year, represents "measures against fraud only insofar as they limit fraudulent activities based on the use of forwarding companies which disappear after having initiated several transit operations concerning sensitive products".
As Mrs Pollack said, the CITES conference is being held this week in Harare, which is why this is the perfect time to raise the issue of the survival of the tiger.
A few figures are worth repeating: over a period of four years, the number of drug addicts charged in the Nord -Pas-de-Calais region has more than doubled.
This development has given rise to two major consequences.
There are a number of companies which have taken the appropriate action: Heineken, in the Netherlands, is one case; Carlsberg is another.
Unfortunately, the Rio Conference has so far produced very few really positive results.
Very well, the Committee will be formed, and I favour its formation.
Local reactions at the injection site (pain, redness and bruising), have been observed in some cases.
One significant element in cultural diversity is multilingualism.
That aspect must also be borne in mind.
Member States party to the Madrid Agreement). In addition, there are unregistered trade marks and other unregistered signs, prior identification of which is
President - I have aheady told you those questions must be put at the proper time.
The Commission cannot accept the removal of the simplified procedures, but is happy with Amendments Nos 2 and 10, which serve to tighten the controls under those procedures.
First, prove that we are right to be confident about the exact timing for the introduction of EMU and, secondly, introduce a procedure for expanding the stability pact.
Neither the persistence of these attacks nor the laisserfaire attitude of the French authorities is comprehensible.
I would therefore point out that this duty does not apply solely to the Commission.
Debates of the European Parliament
It should have read: 'Save the radioactive dinosaurs from extinction'.
The Management Board examined the new draft in detail and it was approved subject to certain amendments, and pending clarification by the Commission legal service of a number of issues of a legal nature.
We are running the risk of producing a two-tier society of pupils and students, which conflicts with the old idea of · general and free compulsory schooling.
That is why I say to the Council that the chapter in the Treaty that deals with employment policy must not be a cosmetic chapter.
FILE
Distance, space and time have now acquired an entirely new meaning compared to a few decades ago.
The matter is even more important at a time when Turkey is making numerous diplomatic efforts to re-apply for accession to the Community.
Where a split vote is held the relevant rules on majorities must be obserued.
Fhst of all it must be clear toat it is only the damage suffered by toe Community toat determines toe amount of the flat rate corrections.
As far as Common transit is concerned, it is also dependent on nonEU states putting their systems in place.
We have done it with structural funds in Liverpool with the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts where £3.5 million of European regional development money has gone into promoting youth training and training in the cultural industries for young unemployed people and, indeed, for young offend ers.
The Commission is also of the opinion that fraud is often not detected until a very late stage in the procedure because of unacceptable delays in the system and because some of the mechanisms used are not longer able to cope.
Unless the problem is dealt with in that way, by a radical approach to Community policy on the issues of economic and social cohesion and the development of countries and regions, we will no doubt come back and debate more reports, but with no result.
As a new model for economic growth it will have risks, different risks, some of which we know and others at which we can now only guess. The spread of information society technologies will change the structures of production, demand and employment.
The multinational peacekeeping force should be given a new mandate until the new government has restored order.
The special measures required are reprogramming of objectives; speeding up expenditure by regional authorities, including, where necessary, modifying and strength ening administrative structures; and also giving consideration to the possibility mentioned in the report of replacing the public agencies responsible for implementing pro grammes in serious cases where resources are persistently under-used.
The committee's report nevertheless remains a crushing indictment of the functioning of the European institutions as a whole.
Report (A4-0405/96) by Mr Podestà, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, on development problems and structural measures in Italy (C4-0050/96, C4-0051/96 and C4-0052/96)
A task force was created for this purpose composed of experts representing the various views in this field, and it me several times between August 1996 and May 1997.
Because before that the return of the refugees will be essential.
In his talks with President Berisha the EU President emphasized the need to restore freedom of the press, including access for all parties to state television.
The rapporteur has made all the points concerning protection for encrypted services very clearly, notably the fact that piracy in all its known forms is flourishing.
Since Maastricht, Euro­pean citizens said that they did not want more Europe but more democracy.
The Chair has taken a decision in accordance with its powers under the Rules.
Garcia Arias (PSE). - (ES) Commissioner, referring to the situation of the Spanish businessman, I think you refened to application of legislation which was on the United States Statute Book before the Helms-Burton Act and that, in any case, his defence was a matter solely for the Spanish Government.
On first reading the certificate appeared to "make sense".
Ford (PSE). ­ Madam President, on a point of clarifica­tion.
The principle of equality of treatment will be applied to these new Member States as to any other exempt States.
On 7 May the Dutch Ministry of Health informed UCLAF but requested strict confidentiality with regard to the investigation undertaken at the same time by the Dutch prosecutor.
Insurance schemes —whether they are run by public administrations, social partners or private organisations— can play an important role in improving occupational safety and health as they have a direct interest in bringing down the number of occupational diseases and accidents.
I wonder, Mr President, what this constitutes. In Spain this is known as institutional filibustering and is tantamount to hoping to arrest the progress of the vessel of the European Union and there are two words behind this - one is subsidiarity and, paradoxically, the other is globalization.
You might think so....
Human Rights
Produced by the Publications and Public Events Service of the European Parliament
(') The above organisation chart is based on those members of staff of the CPVO employed as Community agents (temporary or auxiliary agents) on 31 December 1997.
Mr Bangemann, I ask you to take the appropriate measures in the Commission to enable us in the European Union not just to present the scientific evidence offered by the WTO but also to look into it.
This hinders the verification of the outcome of a measure against the initial estimates.
Unfortunately, that is the situation.
The chemical industry is one of the few industrial branches in Europe that has on principle not required state aid because it was always able to restructure by itself and to adapt to the constantly changing situation on the'world markets.
The Commission wiU be submitting a report on the operation of toe subsidy system for cotton by toe end of the 1999-2000 marketing year at toe latest.
Per head of population it is
Then came the idea that employees should be able to cooperate as partners and to help shape social policy. It is in this phase of development that the social policy of the European Union cunently finds itself.
The protocol's single article is formulated so as to limit the ability of EU citizens to seek asylum in another Member State to four specific situations.
The EU i.e. our Member States, must also set a good example, so that we at least can fulfil the minimum requirements of the environmental directives which we ourselves have adopted.
At least this has been the case up to now as, with the contesting of the recent common organization of the market, the trend will be to remove even this small portion, which the poorest depended or depend on thanks to the compensation mechanism.
The structural funds have been cited as a potential source of housing finance.
Is it not a great hypocrisy to take measures, certainly neces­sary, even if some have a dual purpose, and at toe same time eUminate frontier controls and write off toe liability of the British government, which is'primarily responsible for toe mad còw crisis?
He is right, because President Clinton's social programme mentions two universal ages: the age at which American children should know how to read and write, and the age - twelve, I think - at which they should all know how to surf the Internet.
The lower estimates appear to arise from a more restrictive definition of "irregularity" (e.g. problems not resolved by an initial enquiry).
I must labour this point.
Graduate in medicine and surgery. Specialist in cardiology.
There must be a sufficient number of young people taking part in a project with these features, working on public utility actions but not charity work or amounting to social dumping.
It is a good heading for regional policy which we ought to introduce into the Union.
President - Thank you, Commissioner.
Second, we need very importantly to support public information campaigns in each and every one of the CITES partner countries.
(Loud Applause)
President. - Mr Robles Piquer, the recommendation for second reading of Mrs Read's report on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, No 309, would come before Mr Moorhouse's report, No 305.
As far as I am concerned, the term 'social plan' and the European Parliament's role have been greatly exaggerated in these paragraphs. That is why I shall be voting against the report.
Community leather exports to Japan are entitled to benefit from the tariff quotas established by Japan after a 1984 GATT panel which requested it to further open its domestic market.
Let us not allow the ultranationalists and the impatient media to prevent the reasonable and decent spirits - I emphasize these two words reasonable and decent - to try to succeed.
Logically, a state of emergency has been declared.
(B4-0546/97) by Mr Pettinali and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the situation in Sierra Leone;
Convening of Conciliation Committee Delegation to Conciliation Committee
I should also like to say that, when I spoke, I did not intend to be either optimistic or pessimistic. I just told you how I see the situation at the moment but, above all, I wanted to draw your attention towards the risks that also exist.
Firstly to pursue the stabilisation of public finances.
Debates of the European Parliament
The secretariat is located in Luxembourg.
This evolution should also set Europeans thinking. For whilst federalism works well in relation to one people, as in Germany, it becomes blocked, or goes through endless convulsions when it relates to several peoples desirous of conserving their identity and the mastery of their destiny.
The obvious cannot be denied: increasing numbers of European people want to be treated by means of these so-called nonconventional therapies. Surveys carried out
The work of the Members of the European Parliament
I remember how Oxfam, for instance, a whole year before toe Rwanda catastrophe, pointed out time and time again what was likely to happen there.
Since we energeticaUy condemn any human rights viola tion, our political Group has not the slightest doubts about the nature of the resolution presented by our colleagues.
As Mr Watson is no doubt aware, pursuant to A to Article 138(3) of the EC Treaty, the adoption of a uniform electoral procedure for the election of the Members of the European Parliament requires a unanimous vote within Council, followed by the adoption of those provisions by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements.
In the most effective and emphatic way possible, it has given the lie to those who argue that a rotating presidency among all Member States should no longer operate in future.
Nonetheless, they seem to be applied in a rather moderate way.
We therefore propose to the Management Board that in the final version of the 1998 Work Programme and Medium-Term Strategy, the forecast for 2002 and subsequent years should provisionally include figures for a continuation of the status quo as well as hypothetical figures corresponding to enlargement.
In fact nuclear energy poses a constant threat that will continue long after our generations have died.
Is that what we really want?
I did not succeed in having this put on the agenda of the part-sessions of January or February and these storms took place back in December.
Statement by the President, p. 46 - 11.
Macartney (ARE). - Mr President, I have to clear up a confusion about the point of order I raised earlier. You said that we would vote on this tomonow.
We should like to send our thanks for her sensitivity in incorporating virtually aU the content of the Opinion issued by the Committee on Women's Rights.
- commonposition consultations.....
No, this is part and parcel of the normal activities of the automotive industry.
— differentiation of premiums for insuring against claims of employees against their employer in the case of occupational accidents and diseases.
Type of organisation
What specific improvements has it in mind for the benefit of producers in Granada, Extremadura and other highly disadvantaged Objective 1 regions?
According to Eurostat, only about 2 % of the people really know what is going on.
Debates of the European Parliament
Improvements are needed in many areas, not least with regard to the difficult task of combining work outside the home with family responsibilities.
That appUes particularly to the by-products of meat processing.
There has been a slight decrease this year, which was to be expected with the advent of the European Ombudsman.
Tax systems must become more equitable in the interests of employment and balance.
We need to ensure that seafarers' knowledge of first aid, language skills and other areas of knowledge are constantly improved.
Answer
We shaU now proceed to the vote. (Applause) (Parliament rejected the motion of censure)
I can also tell you that I am a militant Web-surfer, and therefore extremely conscious, not only of the great importance of the Net, but also of our considerable backwardness in this field.
Although the risk of further measures is not excluded this agreement represents a strong incentive for the US not to take any action against firms or persons from the Euro pean Union.
By the way, he has no scruples about attaching a false meaning to certain articles of the Treaty, in particular Article 57 (3).
It is not the first time I have mentioned the Baltic, but here we have a good opportunity to tell the applicant states that they must not make the same mistakes as we have done.
Question No 84 by Raul Rosado Fernandes (H-0521/97) Subject: Marketing of cereals (EPAC - Portugal)
The customs procedure for Community transit is an important factor in the smooth flow of goods within the single market.
It has been estimated that the industry accounts for some 70,000 direct and indirect jobs in the UK. The jobs of those employed directly in Scottish production are primarily in rural areas, . where there are few alternative means of employment, or in urban areas with high unemployment.
The budget, however, will not yield an allocation of that size.
We are talking about their design speed here: the speed they are capable of doing rather than permitted driving speeds or speed limits.
All toat would be needed would be to make an immediate start, undertaking toe necessary studies straight away, and
Former Head of Policy Unit, Institute of Directors.
That can only be useful to us.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Statement by the President, p. 1 -3.
On the other hand, we believe - given the dual character of these économies - that an undeniable consequence has been that of improving human rights in emerging economy countries, since we believe sincerely that, with the right type of project, this improvement in human rights situations will come about normally, since it is known that human rights nearly always evolve alongside the improve ment in social, economic and cultural levels.
He too, along with Spinoza, invented the European area of philosophy, before Dublin.
It also became clear that the effects of this kind of financial incentive are evaluated in only a few Member States.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0217/97 by Mr Sarlis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the proposal for a Council Regulation (Euratom, ECSC, EC) (COM(96)0352 - C4-0497/96-96/0189(CNS)), amending the Financial Regulation of 21 December 1977 applicable to the general budget of the European Communities.
There is really only one limit on the proposal which has been put forward and that is on the length of the journey.
Another control method is to limit admission to the transit system, particularly in connection with the transport of sensitive goods.
1st Vice-Chair: Mr Stefano DE LUCA
Debates of the European Parliament
These enterprises mostly lack the financial and personnel resources to apply these methods appropriately.
The European Parliament's Directorate-General for Information and Public Relations has produced this brochure for you.
Instead the Council reached a compromise so that the protection clause will be maintained until the end of 1999 and then replaced by a safeguard clause.
Le Gallou (NI). - (FR) Madam President, obviously we have voted against this report, which aims to set up thought policing and brainwashing through the media, in particular.
There are other wishes that remain unfulfilled.
I hope, in conclusion, that the European Parliament will seize this opportunity to convey a clear and convincing opinion in what is a sensitive and complex field, but one which, unless further progress is made, will prevent us from achieving greater economic and social cohesion.
Provan something different from what was agreed, and not just in relation to the settlements.
■ the banning of clauses in a standard contract which might enable one of the parties to avoid obligations in the event of the euro replacing the national currency; H conversion between a currency in a participating Member State and the euro should be free of charge.
With regard to the question of whether I know if other delegations have already brought up the problem that you mention in your supplementary question within the Gen­eral Affairs Council, I must admit that I do not attend all of the General Affairs Councils.
Community competition rales rarely affect small and medium-sized enterprises directly.
Deputy in the Cortes (4th legislature).
This directive has another dimension.
Debates of the European Parliament
It was in accord with his positive and sunny nature that the President-in-Office of the Council gave us his usual optimistic version of what he thinks is going on in the IGC.
Schulz (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this morning a lot has been said to describe the situation, but let us look for a moment at a scene, a backdrop, which could threaten from the' Middle East.
So is the Lenz report dealing with a non-issue?
How many other people in Europe work between 1000 and 2000 hours a year?
The fact is that the key to the regional balance which has existed in Sweden, where there has been a very even regional standard, is a strong public sector and public transfer system.
The very most we could accept, if certain third piUar matters are transferred to the Com munity system, is the possibility of a short period when each State could also present legislative proposals for decision.
in a very different way - compared with the European continent - in territories located thousands of kilometres away.
The Presidency will actively pursue, with our American partners, the search for a settlement of the problems relating to the Helms-Burton and d'Amato Acts.
Debates of toe European Parliament
Should we not make more use than before of the TACIS programme resources?
this context, the European Council recalls that sound macroeconomic and budgetary policies go hand­in­hand with strong, sustainable growth in terms of output and employment.
Caccavale's report also shows quite clearly toe problems which face us if we wish to standardise regulations for toe capital market.
All the more reason, therefore, for the European Parliament to be concerned with the establish ment of minimum standards for training, certification and watchkeeping for seafarers.
In fact it will illustrate the situation.
The motion of censure has been forwarded to the Com­mission.
Vicechairwoman of Suomen Keskusta and chairwoman of the party's women's section (since 1994).
Economic and trade dialogue is another basic pillar which will be extended to the Parties' relations with third parties.
What we need immediately is a clear definition of objectives, efficiency, transparency and a new, diversified support strategy.
Jackson (PPE). - Mr President, on a point of order.
Question No 63 by Heidi Hautala (H-0121/97) Subject: Groupeuro
Over the last 20 years, we have had a fleet which is so advanced that the same number of vessels can catch three times as much. So it is clear that we have to look at the problem from a different angle.
With the EC Treaty six countries laid the foundations of a process of European integration which had a twofold basis, economic and political.
Many of the difficulties affecting transit - administrative delays, errors, slow inquiries, inefficient cooperation, poor intelligence, formalistic legal cooperation, to name but a few - are a direct consequence of the fact that fifteen different jurisdictions are present in the territory of one customs area.
Geographical origin and language of the complaints
Presentation by Mr H. van Westenbrugge of the impact of customs/transit regulations on Van Ommeren1s business.
It appeared too that the panel judging the hormone question was made up of lawyers who knew nothing about hormones!
Novo inclusion in an appended declaration. It was on this basis that the POSEI programmes were approved, in the launch of which our Group played a decisive role and which, because of legal insufficiencies, had an overall temporary character, incompatible with the permanent nature of the difficulties I have already referred to.
I recommend to the House that it adopt the draft report tomorrow.
0 Chairman of Emmendingen district SPD (1976-1989).
European Central Bank-nominations........-statements........
The following factors may also have contributed to a reduction in the frequency and efficiency of customs controls: the abolition in 1990 of the transit advice note for the EC's internal frontiers; the political change in the countries of the former Eastern bloc resulting in an increased volume of goods; the complete removal of controls at internal frontiers of the EU; the reduction in the number of customs offices within the EU and, consequently, a reduction in the number of customs officials.
In 1993, the Commission developed a catalogue of representativeness for organizations involved in the legislative process.
I refer in particular to the resolution adopted by the European Parliament on this subject.
I refer, Commissioner, in particular to the latest measures taken to deal with these acts, to which you and the previous speaker referred.
Argyros circumstances must we consider redirecting the Community's research towards defence-related aims in particular.
Clearly it makes things difficult if one cannot get ships in transit to report, and direct ships in transit through safe waters.
As regards cross-border credit transfers, the European Parliament insisted that they should be rapid, reliable and cheap.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has undertaken a safety assessment and was unable to discover this degree of safety in all points.
It is important not only to reduce CFCs "and stop their use, but that gradually all other poisonous materials with similar effects are detected.
The debate is closed.
Project funding
If you look at the Irish economy, Prime Minister, you will see that in your own economy the role of public investment has been absolutely crucial in getting the sort of growth rates that you have had in recent years.
As we have already heard in some detail, the startingpoint for the EU's partnership and cooperation agreements with the three Transcaucasian republics - Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia - is the need for regional cooperation and development.
There are Member States which do not use their right to Structural Fund aid
Debates of the European Parliament
As far as the proper valuation of the company is con cerned, prior to its sale, it appears that ARBED paid the full market price for its shareholding, as its offer was made in competition with other steel producers.
And that is undoubtedly the reason why all the European consumer associations are pressing us to approve the compromise text.
González Alvarez (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Commissioner, you have nearly answered our questions but I would just like to say a couple of things to you and put another question.
Today, times have changed.
The Com mission feels justified in hoping that the Council will at least arrive at a political agreement at that meeting.
Pimenta (PPE). - (PT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today we are dealing with yet another chapter in the long saga of leghold traps.
We ought at least to keep it in mind when the proposal is implemented.
Debates of the European Parliament
The aim of the Raphael programme was to enhance European cooperation in the area of cultural heritage.
Tn a word, I should like to call the attention of the Commission and the Council to the need to educate the various users who will be living in a society that their parents will not have been entirely successful in decoding.
I would point out that International Law was invented 500 years ago by another Dutchman - not the President-in-Office of the Council -but Hugo Grocio.
Will the Commission say precisely how long these delays have been, and what measures it intends to take to ensure that the programme can be implemented more rapidly?
Question No 69 by Glenys Kinnock (H-0024/97)
Secchi (PPE). - (FT) Mr President, we are conducting a very important debate on the imphcations of population change inside the European Union. It is astonishing that, while demography is a science where forecasts can be reasonably accurate, little account is taken of the implications of those forecasts in policies for dealing with relevant problems at national level, and to a certain extent at Union level as weU.
Substitutes shall be allowed to sit on subcommittees under the same conditionsas on committees.
The other matters referred to were dealt with in my reply.
It did not help us in trying to assess the Commission proposal that the Commission's general report on the application of the directive is still not available.
It only succeeded in doing so when the head of Stockholm Region Customs Service intervened.
Objectors become parties to the proceedings for the grant of the Community right and are entitled to access to all relevant documents.
The subsequent consequences, as you might expect, could be tragic: a rise in sea levels, desertification and so on.
Human Rights
I believe that this last point is very important, and I am delighted at the statement by the President of the Council.
González Triviño (ARE), rapporteur. - (ES) Madam President, first of all I should like to thank all of those in the Committee on Transport and Tourism for their work, dedication and cooperation so that this duty could be performed.
^SJarliament has called on the L. ommissiou to ensure n (Ourope , only the legal hunting of migratory species will be permitted.
The old PACT programme sought and the new PACT programme is designed to help bridge that gap between intention and reality, between statistically ascertainable and predictable traffic trends on the one hand and our knowledge of transport policy.
Four Members chosen by lot shall count the votes cast in a secret ballot.Candidates may not act as tellers.
Nobody can claim that the Commission has in any way made concessions of policy to the United States.
Deputy Federal Spokesman of the Liberal Forum.
Application of the amended provisions should lead to a stricter approach to requests from air carriers for exemptions, and
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
As you know, we at the Commission, all of the commissioners, and, in this particular case, Mr Van Miert, take pains in every case to look at all of the possible repercussions in our efforts to find the approach that will be most acceptable to the Council.
I report to the House with some satisfaction but without any complacency that in 1996 the Commission was particularly active in all three of those areas.
Debates of the European Parliament
The report by Mr Danesin, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, 'Towards a new maritime strategy', was not adopted in committee and has consequently been taken off the agenda.
In this context I would also draw your special attention to a gratifying development.
The Karen are seeking an autonomy which the British guaranteed them when they made Burma independent in 1949.
We demand, however, that the primacy of Community law - despite my observations - should in future be written into the treaty.
There are a number of important regional challenges that face us.
Parliament and the Council
That is why we call upon this House to refuse to condemn Tunisia today. .
I appreciate that he has tried to present a sober and objective report, since this is unfortunately a subject which sometimes gives rise to heated debate.
The idea was that there should be much less talk of swords, and much more of the efficient use of ploughshares.
For there are so many aspects to the information society that we can only consider them together.
IN THE CHAIR: MR ANASTASSOPOULOS Vice­President
Such a mechanism will enable us to prevent the formation of new barriers to freedom of movement and, at the same time, to study and agree upon appropriate ways of providing more effective protection, at European level, for those fundamental interests that deserve to be safeguarded, such as the protection of consumers and minors, or the objectives of cultural policy in Europe.
I would suggest that we should vote on this point at 9 a.m. tomorrow morning, so that we can have time for discussion in the Committee on Agriculture and perhaps also with Commissioner Fischler.
SITTING OF WEDNESDAY, 29 JANUARY 1997
The tension between the public and private sectors in the transit sector became clearer during the visit.
They are set by the national authorities of the partner country and the European Commission so as to ensure that the priorities are in line with the overall Tacis objectives and the national strategy for higher education development and that complement other European Union activities in the partner country.
Some things have been achieved.
I therefore wind up this debate and, if you all agree, proceed to the election of the Vice-Presidents.
Answer
In terms of stock, the increase in direct European investments in manufacturing sectors in recent years has quite simply been extraordinary.
Auschwitz was remembered last week in a number of Member States.
That would have been the most logical course from the standpoint of budgetary policy. Commissioner, you too cannot escape totally unscathed here - I have some criticisms of you as well.
For applicants opting to travel by train or car, up to the equivalent amount of a first class train fare may be requested, but its cost may not exceed that of an economy airticket for the same destination.
Last month I was told that there would be a change in the legal base and so it came to the Fisheries Committee on Monday of this week.
In his opinion the transit system was not being deliberately targeted for the purpose of committing fraud.
- Customs generally remain structured as services for the control of the frontiers of a nation state, while the Single Market has made this function in many respects secondary.
Bertens (ELDR). - (NL) I am afraid that a special envoy would be laughed down just as much as the European tigers.
Lulling (PPE). - (FR) Mr President, my report also concerns agriculture, beekeeping to be precise.
Let us never forget that the European social model has been shaped by history, by suffering and by the campaigns which were waged - as soon as the industrial revolution began in the late eighteenth century - in mines, in workshops and wherever men, women and children were being exploited.
Do this call for growth and progress and the illusory promise of more jobs not represent a threat to social welfare and the rule of law? Do they not undermine the principle of respect for nature?
Debates of the European Parliament
Vice-Chairman of the European Movement in Saxony-Anhalt.
FinaUy, I would like to express my complete opposition to any plan for the intervention of international military forces in Albania, a thing which could lead to unforeseen situations all over the Balkan area.
But behind the nice photographs lurks a sinister threat to genetic diversity, the most fundamental principle of nature.
Parliament must become a partner of the committee on a par with the Commission, able to ask for opinions about legislation in progress.
I know that the Australian Government has been informed.
At present member of the Regional Council.
To conclude, the Spanish customs information system allows for the immediate establishment of the infrastructure required for the transit system, including the processing of EDIFACT messages in real time.
France k» the DWES published cost-of-illness estimates for the costs of workrelated diseases and work accidents in 1994
Bontempi institution, which has too often been used to escape justice.
We need to seize on that: we must insist on being able to send observers who can ensure basic human rights.
That is why I am asking you to vote affirmatively, because it would be incomprehensible for this Parliament to fail to respond to this case.
And why was that so?
It is also extremely important that we redress the unfavourable balance between the sexes which even now can still be seen on the computer front.
I think the international community should put political and economic pressure on President Arap Moi.
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of the PASOK Central Committee; secretary of the women's section; vice-president of Socialist International Women (SIW).
In the industry's view, requests for the return of outstanding documentation are not being pursued with sufficient speed or thoroughness.
Norway
At the same time the EU has programmes to combat tobacco induced cancer. This is something of a double standard!
The Swedish authorities refused to do so because it could not be proven that he had committed a crime.
In practice, it is clear that the reliance on the guarantee mechanism which now characterises the transit system has transformed Community transit from a facilitating system for the movement of goods into an insurance system for public revenue when the facilitation goes wrong.
The Office was invited, together with the Bundessortenamt and the poinsettia testing station in Aarslev, Denmark, to discuss with breeders the DUS testing of poinsettia.
David (PSE). - Mr President, as we all know last night in the House of Commons the British Agriculture Minister, Douglas Hogg, survived a vote of censure by the skin of his teeth.
Arabic numerals refer to Rules, while Roman numerals refer to Annexes.Subdivisions are indicated by brackets.
The problem of the exploitation of children's and wom­en's labour cannot, clearly, be exclusively associated with clothes, clothing textiles and footwear.
Legitimate sales and revenue volumes
In many respects our report was very similar. We criticized the fact, which is indeed a problem, that in many cases there was and still is far too much bureaucracy both at Community level and in the Member States, too many programmes and, comparatively, too little money in the end.
We want to preserve our fiscal autonomy, which is not necessarily incompatible with a new VAT system in the European Communities.
In fact, it does not appear from the question whether the longterm contracts for waste collection amount to service concessions contracts, or, if such is not the case, whether these contracts were awarded before the entry into force on 1 July 1993 of Council Directive 92/50/EEC of 18 June 1992 relating to the coordination of procedures for the award of public service contracts.
Reported percentages range from 2.6 to 3.8 (with a variety of cost factors included).
Green Group in the European Parliament
I am also certain that all who have been able to gauge the extreme gravity of the situation will endorse that point of view.
Registers, open to public inspection, contain details of all applications received, and all CPVRs granted, by the Office.
It took some time because we wanted to conduct this investigation seriously and, as I said, we asked for an expert opinion.
The creation of the 'planning and analysis cell' will enable the European Union to have a capacity to anticipate and process the basic elements in foreign policy, with the existence of a Secretary General, alongside the Presidency of the Commission, to ensure the European Union's representation abroad; for that is necessary to have full coherence between the Council and Commission through out the procedure.
Lithuania
Absence of a return copy may indicate abuse by third parties to the detriment of the principal.
Any time remaining after taking account of the time required for the introduction ofand vote on the motions for resolutions and the speaking time, if any, allocated tothe Commission and Council, shall be brokendown between the political groupsand the nonattached Members.
Question. Time (Commission) - Question 22 (Escudero): Kaleidoscope programme selection committee Oreja Aguirre (Commission), Escudero, Oreja Aguirre, Posselt, Oreja Aguirre ... - Question 23 (Ahlqvist): The 'Television without frontiers' directive ' Oreja Aguirre (Commission), Ahlqvist, Oreja Aguirre, Lindqvist, Oreja Aguirre. . . - Question 25 (Lambraki): Agreements between airlines N. Kinnock (Commission), Lambraki, N. Kinnock - Question 26 (Camisón Asensio): Competition policy and cartels Van Miert (Commission), Camisón Asensio, Van Miert
Either we do this through a global European approach, or it just will not work.
How often do customs authorities insist that individual or flatrate guarantees be used in transit operations with heavily taxed goods?
It has steadily acquired greater influence and power through a series of treaties.
The Commission would obviously prefer to see common immigration rules for the whole Union.
Alphabetical list of Members and their term of office d'ABOVILLE Gérard (UPE/FR) ADAM Gordon J. (PSE/GB) AELVOET Magda G.H.
I have been a Member of this Parliament for 18 years now, and I can tell you that this has been going on throughout the whole of that time, and I regret to have to say that on the Commission's side there have repeatedly been manoeuvres to postpone and obscure the issue, so toat it has not been possible for us finally to take a clear decision.
We must share the results of research as widely as possible in order to stimulate and encourage more research.
Although the situation on our eastern border, which is, furthermore, the sole frontier the EU has facing Russia, now appears more peaceful than before, the permanence of this situation in the long term is unfortunately not guaranteed. ·
Degree in notarial studies (State University of Ghent).
This is an issue of the highest importance, not least to the whole combined feminist movement of the European Union.
by EP pressure in another African country.
Briefly, Parliament's proposals can be described as coinciding with the objectives approved at the Madrid Euro pean Council, which drew up 'Agenda 2000', and we consider it of the utmost benefit to fulfil each and every one of its goals, as well as the specific aims added later by the Florence and Dublin European Councils.
8. women in the internationasphere (Unl etc.);
— the value of human life is difficult to express in terms of money, though it is indicated that it should be part of considerations;
But toat did not occur: there was carelessness, which may have led to a loss of Community resources.
In accordance with Rule 121(1)(2) of the Rules of Procedure, only the votes in favour will be counted, i.e. the votes made with the left hand button.
In almost every case - I can think of only one exception - it was voluntarily offered, either in writing or in person, where they could be questioned in committee, or sometimes in both forms.
This decision would indeed call into question a unique form of cooperation, which is both original and effective, and based on a system of commercial preferences arising from the determination of the European Union to develop the economies of its partners in Africa, the Caribbean and the Pacific, by setting great store on high value-added sectors, such as bananas, the spin-off from which has a positive effect on their economies.
Belgium's prime minister has been doing so, as have you, Mr Kok.
I should say at this point that the Committee on Budgets has asked the Commission to put forward proposals, but no reply has ever been received. This seems to us to be the most serious aspect of the whole issue.
0 Member of the Capelle aan den Ussel Municipal Council (until 1994).
on the future - research, development and possibüities for industrial conversion - we are trying to save money!
Broad dissemination of the European code of conduct on equal pay is needed.
The seminar on the management of Community funds in Romania focused on practical problems concerning the implementation of Phare programmes but also discussed management and policy issues.
Science is part of the praxis and its economic and social consequences in today's world are immense.
Why should islands be considered more sensitive to the negative effects of EU policy and be given special legal status?
Medicine
By means of the budgetary procedure, Parliament also directly influences spending on major development priorities such as food aid and rural development, environmental issues, assistance for refugees and displaced persons and support for the work of non-governmental organisations.
The President shall inform petitioners of the decisions taken and the reasonstherefor.
The documents are sequentially numbered from 1 to 99,999,999; "c c" corresponds to 2 alphanumerical characters attained by a mathematic algorithm.
The sustainable energy policy supported in the Stockmann report, also supported in the Commission's Green Paper, is given backing by Portugal.
Debates of the European Parliament
There after Members of the Commission and Council shall be heard at their request.
Without transparency nothing can be achieved.
Which brings me to the subject of the 'quality mark'.
If they had looked more closely at the different kinds of problems facing farmers in the various regions of Europe, I feel sure that this undifferentiated approach would never have occurred to them.
We must avoid recourse to the conciliation procedure which could cause questions about an agreement that was extremely difficult to obtain from the Council.
Three aspects of the Directive are under discussion: the legal, the economic and the ethical aspects.
On 6 May 1997, the Commission adopted revised Guidelines for state aid in the maritime transport sector (')· The revised Guidelines were envisaged in the Commission Communication 'Towards a New Maritime Strategy' (2) which recommended further efforts towards harmonizing national aid schemes which may currently be requhed, in order to maintain and develop the Community's shipping sector.
Nowhere in the world is there a general ban, and nor is it deshable.
I have had personal experience in Northern Ireland of terrorism; it is something I would never wish on any part of the human race.
Approval of the Minutes, p. 231 - 2.
The process will still take a long time, but it is becoming more certain all the time, which is the important thing.
They show that the problem of immigration and unemployment is cut in the open today, that there is a link between the two, and I think that the Commission, instead of following the twaddle of anti-racism, should concern l) See Minutes
Here the question is more linked with underlying customs legislation and the incentive it might provide to use ports outside the EU.
Military service as Second Lieutenant (1984-1985).
The Community has raised its concerns on these issues repeatedly in relevant contexts such as the Convention on Biological Diversity and, in line with the conclusions of the Rio Conference of 1992 - in which the concept of environmental rights was developed -, it has always emphasized the link between the promotion of human rights and respect for the environment.
I hope that the Commission wUl follow the recommendations in this paper and bring forward a White Paper within two years, recognizing the importance of smaU business and recognizing that it needs our assistance.
We could have hoped that our heads of government could have understood that in order to have an effective and efficient Union we must have institutional changes.
B4-0248/97 by Mr Wurtz and others, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left -Nordic Green Left, on East Jerusalem;
After the referendum on a new Constitution carried out on 24 November 1996 the EU Troika, headed by Prime Minister Bruton, has conveyed the Union's grave concerns about toe evolution in Belarus in a meeting with President Lukashenko in the margins of the OSCE Summit of Lisbon.
The final text boosts the Community aspect of the directive and improves consumer protection.
04.02.1951 Official in the national education service France RPR MEP: 19.07.1994 UPE
Staff costs: maximum 25% of the total annual grant for Institution Building JEPs only: Staff costs: maximum 35% of the total annual grant
Do you think that this action is in keeping with the spirit of the customs union and with the spirit of respect for the basic principles that govern it?
If I consider the explosive situation that could develop if a spark were to fly towards the neighbouring region of Kosovo, which wiU also be the subject of a resolution here, Mrs Pack having been there with a delegation a short time ago, it is not only legitimate but also absolutely essential to initiate political intervention and to try and guarantee human rights - which is precisely what have been unable to do in recent years in Albania, as elsewhere - and prevent the emergence of huge floods of refugees.
It is, in fact, nothing more than an adjustment to the competition rales between the European Union and the Republic of Bulgaria.
An ambitious monetary policy only makes sense if it goes hand in hand with a policy for higher employment that everyone can understand.
The Initial suspension was described as temporary and was for a period of six months.
Actually, it is not a question of whether there are enough organisations, enough agen­cies, or even enough sources of funding.
In this context, the significance of the structural funds too could be quite different to what it has been so far.
Then I put it to the vote that the two recommendations for second reading should be brought forward, to precede the first readings of reports.
I am not criticising Parliament for toe delay, I am just saying that in the meantime of one year I have acted, Mrs Jackson.
Very soon, we shall be starting to prepare for the negotiations on the future of relations between the European Union and the ACP States beyond the year 2000.
This Parliament has always steadfastly and consistently supported the peace process in Northern Ireland, so what you have just said describes the policy this House has always followed ( > ).
And we will have to crate safeguards not just at European but at international level.
It is for the consumer, after aU, that millions of businessmen and their assistants devote every possible effort every day, bringing their products and services ever closer to a changing market.
We welcome the fact that proposals such as improving the information of national parliaments in terms of European matters should be taken up in the protocol on the role of national parliaments presented by the Dutch Presidency, with a view to the Amsterdam Summit.
Nor, for example, is it the task of the Ombudsman to examine the merits of legislative acts of the Communities such as regulations and directives.
To sum up, the enlargement of the Union should be given top priority as a political necessity and a moral duty.
Are there 29 Members in support of Mr Kreissl-Dörfler's request?
Control by the European Parliament is thus not the ambition of a group of power-hungry tyrants, but a simple democratic imperative.
Taking account of his explicit explanation and the diversity of the bus transport organizations within the EU itself, I propose to support this amendment.
But these structures have long been unable to keep pace with the demands of the volume of traffic. Moreover, not only is that kind of fragmentation still the main cause of inconvenience in terms of passenger delays, it also has a negative impact in economic and cost terms, both for the airlines and for companies operating in the sector.
It is imperative that you change the timetable, and also the criteria, and, above all, gentlemen of the Commission, that you provide us with more truth and more transparency.
Immediate action is required, mainly because of the increase in criminal activities: remission of duties following incidents of fraud in the past; secure procedures in future through new rules under customs law and more effective procedures.
Finally Mr President, so far as the CAP is concerned, I would like to stress that as we all know, for a very long time efforts have been made to annihilate the agricultural economy of the South.
In countries with a strong currency some growers have even been slightly under-compensated.
The global procedure envisaged by toe Directive, which is intended to make it easier to obtain general and individual licences in certain Member States, and the mechanism for toe further harmonization of general licences are examples of moves towards greater convergence.
That is a very substantial step forward, because I can well remember that when this debate began there were still people advancing the argument that Mrs Ewing has just touched on once again today: communication is a public asset, and so we need a public sector organization and preferably a monopoly to ensure a better service for all.
O August 1998:
As regards the composition of the Commission, it is asking for one commissioner per Member State up to a maximum of 20, and beyond that figure its composition wUl be re-examined.
On the other hand, a European confer ence is planned for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, and for policy on internal affairs and justice, involving a meeting of heads of State and Government once a year.
I now come to some comments on the individual areas of expenditure, the individual categories: I would compliment you, Commissioner, on your success in managing to achieve the same budgetary discipline in Category 1 as in
On substance the Commission decided to continue to pursue the approach of budgetary rigour which it started with the 1997 budget and which was subsequently strengthened further by the budget authority.
Just the night before last 33 inhabitants of a village south of Algiers were murdered.
A. The Treaty on European Union (Article 138c) provided a legal base for the European Parliament to establish a temporary Committee of Inquiry to investigate alleged contraventions or maladministration in the implementation of Community law.
26.11.1935 Member of the European Parliament United Kingdom Lab. MEP: 24.07.1984 PSE
At this moment, I fear that the Council of Ministers is on the point of making a great discovery ­ we would describe it in Spain as 'belated discovery of the Mediterranean'.
MEPs adopt the budget, thus setting political priorities.
The Commission should be able to play a more compelling role in terms of Member States' training programmes, as it has its own responsibility for the training of staff who apply equal opportunities.
The Joint Research Centre, and more specifically the plant at Karlsruhe has 'developed research activities which have looked deeply into the subject of transmuting radioelements with long half-lives into ones with short half-lives.
It is also right that we show solidarity with those people threatened with the loss of their jobs, and with their families, who are going to suffer distress.
Deputy in the Asturias Regional Parliament.
The actors in transit fraud
President. - I declare resumed the session of the Euro pean Parliament adjourned on Friday, 13 June 1997.
0 Member of the national leadership of RC.
Debate's of the European Parliament
Completed the project summary sheet following the annexed model. (Section V).
So a lot of the amendments are simply updating the document as required because of the passage of time.
But it must be admitted that the current system opens the door to numerous major frauds and leakages.
President. - That concludes voting time.
• Maintaining the ACP preference and aid for the least developed countries;
I think it would be fair to put the issue on the table and discover the extent of the disagreement in this House, so that we know how to deal with such issues later.
The Leader II programme has aheady achieved good results in this area.
The proposal on misleading advertising was first submit ted as early as 1978, and it was then felt that regulating comparative advertising ought to be possible.
However these are amendments which summarize Parliament's determination to remain vigilant with regard to cabotage and passenger transport services within the Community, in the name of the principle of free movement of people and freedom of establishment in the internal market and more generally in the interests of the European citizens.
So I am more than ready to do that, even before the British elections.
Our main reason for doing so is that Europeans, who have made war on each other for centuries, can formulate and develop a joint security policy for the first time, based on responsibility and solidarity, instead of each seeking individual hegemony.
II % should be set alongside the increase in internal policies of only 0.5 %.
President. - I have been informed that Council commit ments prevent it from being present before 5 p.m..
I hope that is going to be followed through properly because what has happened in the past is that Norway has sent salmon into countries such as Denmark at the minimum price, and it was then processed and came out of those factories at a very much lower price than it originally went in.
Shared responsibUity in the sense that although a great deal of the responsibUity lies with the producer countries - that fact cannot be denied - there is also a great deal of responsibility on the part of the consumer countries, and it is our belief that only by assuming the principle of shared responsibility - coresponsibUity - wiU it be possible to set up the bases for an international dialogue which wUl enable us to eradicate this plague.
Hansen (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, the Amsterdam Treaty is no peak achievement and there is no cause for rejoicing.
Maritime transport?
We go along with the defence of two basic principles: first of all, anyone wishing to exercise in the European Union one of the so-called alternative medicines should have a general
Question No 19 by Jan Andersson
.forresolutions resolutions
This can for instance be done using economic efficiency indicators.
Martinez (NI). - (FR) Madam President, I hope that Mr Santini's report will bring this banana saga to an end.
However, the PPE Group wishes to emphasize once again its attachment to the European model of society, based on the social market economy.
It is an important attraction, and it would be useful to give some attention to the training of staff who play a role in these activities.
Nevertheless, my group has serious problems with Mr Lannoye's report in its present form.
According to this proposal, employment policy has to be in keeping with the economic guidelines; that is the only thing which is said on the matter, but the reverse must also be the case.
In my group's view, it would therefore be very welcome if we could manage to simplify the text to a large extent and make it easier for farmers to understand.
(Parliament approved the Commission proposal)
I should also like to say that I hope that this debate will provide an opportunity to confirm decisively the need to reach a turning-point in Euro-Meditenanean policy, which, what with the disappointing outcome of the Malta Conference, the start-up difficulties with the MEDA pro grammes, and the freezing of the MED programmes for almost two years, has, in practice, been in a state of gentle hibernation.
It is directly related to the environment and the health of all our planet's citizens, not just that of the Union's citizens. We must take particular account of the destruction we are 'preparing' today for future generations.
MEP: PPE
It is also very difficult to establish a common strategy for the whole region.
For my part, I consider that this choice is arbitrary, clumsy and provocative.
This interinstitutional agreement presents, may I remind you, like its predecessors, all the features of a 'legal monster'.
That is why we must pay careful attention to the early warning signs.
The Commission bases itself on the illusion that stating toe geographical origin is sufficient to protect toe con sumer, and it is therefore proposing optional labelling.
Graduate of the National School of Administration.
As part of a strategy to promote equality of opportunity in the workplace, personal information forms were issued to all employees including a request to self-nominate their ethnic origin.
These practices sometimes have a somewhat legalistic approach.
I must keep stressing that point, because critics of the concept behave as if the Green Paper meant that everything was already enshrined in law.
I was trying to expedite the business of this House. I am absolutely certain that I operated within the Rules.
Does the Commission consider that the above provisions are consistent with EU law, particularly in regard to Regulation 1475/95 ('), which expressly prohibits fixed pricing?
Of these one third are unemployed, one third are pensioners, and one third are in work. This means that a large proportion of these people are still fairly young.
Europe contributes to this process, and I am sure that is a source of satisfaction to us all. (')
In Denmark we consider that, while it cannot be demonstrated with certainty that painters suffer brain damage through being exposed to organic solvents, the mere suspicion constitutes sufficient grounds for taking action.
Recent years have shown no sign of toe coordination caUed for in the Maastricht Treaty, and nor does Maastricht II.
It was with a mixture of regret and relief that I ended my job as mandataire of the Office.
It is clear from the figure of no more than 300 000 to 900 000 new jobs - which is a cumulative figure for a number of years - that the single market alone cannot solve the problem of unemployment.
International agreement on humane trapping standards
Liberalisation is fine, but not at any price.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0078/97) by Mr Tomlinson, on behalf of toe Committee on Budgets, on the proposal for a Council Decision granting a Community guarantee to the European Investment Bank against losses under loans for projects outside the Community (Central and Eastern Europe, Mediterranean countries, Latin America and Asia, and South Africa) (COM(96)0586 - C4-0018/97-96/0278(CNS)).
When we can go there and actually achieve something, we shall be sure to go.
I should point out, as is clearly specified in the agreement, that if a MAGP should be concluded by April aid to the fleets will obviously be restored retrospectively.
0 Member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and of the Assembly of WEU (1970-1980).
Another issue which we do not think belongs in this report is the question of the Baltic States' potential membership of NATO.'This report concerns the relationship between the European Union and the Baltic Sea region and not the position that this region has with regard to the expansion of the NATO military alliance.
Malerba (UPE). - (IT) Mr President Commissioner, renewable energy sources are of great social and economic value, which is why I commend Mrs Rothe's report to this House.
At the same time, the state of emergency declared in the south-eastern provinces of Türkey remains and the persecution of the Kurdish community continues.
President. - Mrs Muscardini, this matter is closed.
But for us the most important thing is that the amendment put down by Mr Ephremidis and the Greens should be approved.
Nobody could accuse me of having the slightest sympathy for the murderers who are carrying out the Islamic reign of tenor in Algeria.
Rosado Fernandes (UPE). - (PT) Mr President, Com missioner, I should like to say that your services should have had the time to write a shorter paper.
Although on the face of it we find this satisfactory, we agree with the rapporteur that problems have arisen; this is demonstrated particularly in Northern Ireland with the 'new areas' of employment and transparency in selection.
Provided the basic data (Section II) for the project.
Douglas Tweddle, Director, Customs Technique Directorate.
That is why we have urged the Dutch presidency, through Mr van Mierlo, to give this issue its closest attention.
Graefe zu Baringdorf (V). - (DE) Mr President, my group is totally against the use of hormones and against imports of meat from the USA that has been treated with hormones.
The fact that one's own nationals, that is to say, Dutchmen by the Dutch government and Belgians by the Belgian government, wUl be able to be extradited is in a certain sense also an important step forward.
VaDvé (ELDR). - (ES) Mr President, as some previous speakers have said, the Council's answer seems to me to be far from sufficient on this problem of fishing with driftnets.
President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
Of course, we cannot stop there.
organizations have increasingly been toe victims of acts of violence!
But questions need to be put to the Commission, and some suggestions may also be in order.
Director of summer courses, University of Madrid.
There might be a case for publishing a version for 'operators'.
Joint motion for a resolution (') on illegal trafficking of CFCs
I believe that a competitive European economy is the main point of departure for creating new jobs.
22.08.1957 Political scientist Germany GRÜNE MEP: 25.07.1989 V
This, then, is a form of unequal treatment.
Blokland (I-EDN). - (NL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, we have been plagued for years by poor compliance with European directives.
Alphabetical list of Members and their term of office
If, then, at the end of toe day, it proves possible to supplement and enrich toe proposed directive in a practical way with Mrs Read's report, then we shall be able to say that we have achieved an advance in terms of consumer policy, and I hope that that is what will happen.
Sarlis (PPE). - (EL) Mr President, reading the title here -which of course everybody has read, but I am simply repeating it - I see that the European Parliament is considering a single resolution on two Commission re ports, one on 'Prospects for the development of regional cooperation for the countries of the former Yugoslavia', and the other on 'Joint principles for future contractual relations with certain countries in south-east Europe'.
The European part of the Delegation met before 1 May and decided that we would go there between 2 and 9 May.
The banana affair has overflowed its economic context and become a political issue, and the European authorities must now demonstrate their capacity to trade with the rest of the world while protecting their own interests and refusing to be dictated to about their relations with allies, relations prompted by a rich common history which cannot be denied.
The problem is the first pillar.
A. THE VITAL ROLE OF TRANSIT IN THE COMMUNITY
In recent months the Bolivian government has stepped up the violence against the coca farmers.
Kigali - and this is official - has proposed organizing repatriation operations jointly with the FDL, through direct financing by donors, thereby relegating the international community and the HCR to the rank of mere observers.
President. - That is not a point of order Mr Rübig.
The Meksi Government offered its resignation on 1 March, on 2 March a state of emergency was declared, on 3 March President Berisha got himself re-elected by parliament for a new fiveyear term.
Motion for a resolution (B4-0207/97), tabled by Mr Viliier, on behalf of the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations, on cloning of animals and human beings
Given toe ongoing civil war in Sudan, what steps is the Commission prepared to take to ensure the installation of a monitoring procedure in order to bring this tragedy to an end and to ensure adequate humanitarian aid to the people of Sudan who are the victims in this conflict?
Applications must include an endorsement letter from each of the consortium members, signed by the person who is legally authorised to represent the respective organisation (e.g. rector, vice­chancellor, director, president), which confirms the support of the consortium member for the project.
That is all the more reason, I believe, why we in Parliament really do have a duty to speak out for the right to self-determination, religious freedom and democracy in Tibet.
Enizlish edition
Ephremidis (GUE/NGL). - (EL) Mr President, I have a series of two or three observations.
I admit that the Council had difficulty in accepting this new idea of satellite-based communications.
So Mrs Gröner has made a very timely effort to draw the attention of the European Union to this wholly unresolved problem, and in her scholarly report, Mrs Lenz, whom I congratulate, quite rightly calls for legislative initiatives by Member States and codes of conduct on the part of advertisers, and presents a series of important proposals to the Commission which I trust Commissioner Flynn will wish to respond to promptly.
In its communication the European Commission offers Member States the opportunity of taking support measures to help ship owners achieve this.
We should look forward to the day when we wUl be able to increase productivity and improve farm incomes to reduce agricultural spending.
I do not see the same concern with fighting fraud or the billions of ECU of unpaid VAT, or the harmonization of tax systems wallowing in a criminal system in which violators are punished but where violations are paid for at bargain basement prices in today's Europe.
Not only are there problems in correctly establishing jurisdiction, there are also substantial practical difficulties to be overcome.
Security of revenue will therefore be improved and it will be easier for companies to meet their obligations.
Order of business Baldi, Blot, Green, Novo, Roth-Behrendt, Gutiérrez Díaz, Posselt.
stages. We must condemn the basically nationalistic type of view adopted by quite a number of Heads of State and Government, forgetting that the best defence for national interests is within the EC.
The right of workers to be consulted and involved is not just a matter of courtesy or form.
Inflation rates across the EU have been lowered by some 1 1/2 %.
This dispersal must be avoided since it has adverse effects on the safety of ah traffic, on the quality of the services provided to passengers and on the costs.
The Member States have strong reservations because in the new system they will be much more reliant on each other than at present, and, as you know, the Council is always extremely cautious on taxation matters.
If we are to adapt to the new situation, we shall have to make an effort.
Brussels, 28/06/96 a:\966rct.doc
Under these conditions the continuation of reconstruction assistance cannot be justified.
So now it is important that we use the social dialogue and that it should concentrate on employment policy.
100,000 of them were recently found in the Kisangani and Ubundu area.
Therefore the IGC in Amsterdam is absolutely crucial so that we can return to the sort of agenda that people understand.
Due to the great differences between the different excise rates, excised volumes of gasoline and gasoil with origin Luxembourg and Belgium (faxed at relatively low rates) are sold in member states with higher rates via aforementioned network of unreliable traders, without paying the excise duties In the member state of destination.
Investing relatively small sums in comparability improvements (dearly has the ability to maximise the targeting, effectiveness and quality of na­tional anti-drug expenditures.
Debates of the European Parliament
Since this draft directive does not undertake a complete harmonization of toe bases for assessment the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights is also opposed to the Commission's proposal to introduce a symbol when quoting toe actual interest rate.
Democratic dialogue is necessary, and that is why, in this resolution, the European Parliament calls on the States of the European Union to promote it as a contribution to resolving political conflicts.
As President, I will do everything in my power and I hope that we are going to be able to cooperate with the Commission so that the decisionmaking process concern ing the prices package is completed at the Council meetings to be held on 23, 24 and 25 June.
That was the thinking that prompted our amendments defining the offeror, protecting minority shareholders and specifying the functions of the supervisory authority.
Swoboda (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is so much agreement about this no doubt quite excellent report by Mr Castricum that I need not take up much of your time.
The good democratic sense of the Chilean people forced the dictator to withdraw partially and allowed democracy to return.
Local fishing communities do not appear to be adversely affected by the activities of the Community fleet. These communities are reported not to engage in tuna fisheries.
Each TIR Carnet is a security document giving rise to a guarantee of $50,000 per lorry-load transported.
Given the variety of management committees each of which only takes partial decisions for a particular project, it is almost impossible for new applicants to participate flawlessly.
For reasons of principle the possibility of exoneration should be created or extended.
There are people who suddenly discover things which have been there aU the time.
In conclusion, I have one final request, because I believe that we must now ask Kabila, as the military victor, to take specific action in the field of human rights and the rule of law, and to organize a regional peace conference and free elections; I ask that the Council and the Commission should give a clear response and not hide behind the latest strong man, who on this occasion is no longer Mobutu but Kabila.
Schutz (PSE), -- (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it is standard practice in this House to congratulate the rapporteurs on then- reports.
Secondly, how does it relate the classification of risk with administrative procedures?
We are ready to study them with open minds.
Little information is provided on this in national reports,yet a 1996 EMCDDA pilot project indicated thatconsiderable local information exists, although it may behard to find.
') Membership of political groups - Membership of delegations - Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting - Dates for next sittings: see Minutes
Where these Rules confer rights on a specific number of Members, that numbershall be automatically adjustedto the nearestwhole number representing the same percentageof Parliament's membership whenever the total size of Parliament isincreased, notably following enlargements of the European Union.
These amendments definitely enriched this report and simply seemed very important to me.
However, even though we will have to apply the Treaty as it was concluded by the Member States, I am ready to discuss practical modalities for information and exchange of views on this issue with you in the future.
19.07.1955 Teacher United Kingdom Lab.
Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1998
I certainly could not explain that to my voters in Austria, in view of the figures before us today.
Rule 60Adoption of amendments to a Commission proposal
I hope that you will very quickly abandon any reservations which still remain here and there, such as that we are intending certain powers of the regions.
The 'Prince' priority information action programme encompasses Groupeuro, which was created as part of the action: 'Euro: one currency for Europe' in order to meet the increasing requests which the Commission receives for officials to speak at conferences and seminars on EMU.
efforts. That is why I greatly appreciated certain passages in Mr Cohn-Bendit's report: we very much appreciated the report not only for its remarks on the regional approach but also with regard to the overall political initiative, meaning the re-establishment of the rule of law, and a more generalized pact of stability for peace and development which implies strict compliance with the peace commitments entered into with the Dayton accords but also implies a free trade area, common airspace and favourable conditions for investment.
The experience of two years demonstrates that the Com mission's initial proposal was not only realistic but was the bare minimum.
Member of the Austrian Parliament (since 1976).
We French are now waiting for the French bishops to ask forgiveness for their inexcusable compromise of principle, over tens of years, with the butchers of 200 million victims of these subjugated peoples.
This is an absurd situation, because sport's legislative status contrasts crassly with its position in society.
So where do we still disagree? Our intentions are toe same, but we disagree about ways and means.
The vote will take place tomonow at 9 a.m. (') (The sitting was closed at 8.02 p.m.)
B4-0114/97 by Mr Fernández Martín and others, on behalf of toe Group of the European People's Party, on the situation in the Great Lakes region;
Debates of the European Parliament
At the end of July, in connection with the first communications on the Santer package, Parliament wiU have an opportunity to debate this.
This is why I believe we need to act in the face of this unhealthy competition between Member States in the sphere of taxation and, as I said, we will put in place more precise guidelines at the European Council in order to tie up, at least in a political agreement, the global package on taxation, which is far-reaching, I can assure you.
As they deal with the same subject, the following questions will be taken together:
♦ issues of curriculum development and renewal in priority areas;
0 Chairman of Globe EU, an interparliamentary environmental pro­tection association.
I believe that in this overall context the Commission's communication is a useful one.
This assumption is supported by the 'utilization' rate -which I can only say in quotation marks - for the ECU 10 million under the Phare democracy budget heading, of which by 31 August this year, precisely 0% had been used or committed!
Director of AIDA; Author of many articles and publications on commerce, the environment and consumer affairs.
However, the Commission is prepared to investigate the merits of such a proposal, taking into account assessments like that made by the Kent Fire Brigade, drawn to the House's attention by Mr Watts and, in due course, we will report to the House on the issue.
We now have yet another new model, yet another different model, and once again a serious parliamentary dialogue has been dealt with only indirectly.
Cannabis Solvents Amphetamines Ecstasy
Legislative Supervisory Deliberative π
natural disasters, acts of God, but sometimes it is also due to bad coordination of toe donors' aid.
I aheady referred to EMU, employment, the internal market and the fight against crime.
0 Secretary-General of the Socialist Party of Catalonia ('Reagrupament').
European Council
I think it is very important for individual Member States - and certainly those which sign the international conventions on the protection of privacy and human rights - to continue to ensure through national legislation and national supervisory procedures that intelligence and security services adhere strictly to certain rules of conduct laid down in national law.
In the name of the theory and practice of reincarnation'.
Postgraduate qualification in management.
My point is that I would have Uked to see preference given to the swift introduction of effective measures.
Mrs Roth-Behrendt and others made reference to the fact that there are international implications.
Lukas in connection with the MED programmes.
Mrs Steinmetz Mrs Daloze
There is no idea that is so good that it is not capable of being wrecked by the taxman, so we must order them to get theh hands off it right away.
I also have a point to make concerning procedure.
Yet the Dutch presidency sets such great store by the fink between taxation and employ ment, and also by the C0 tax, and we have already
They betray a patronage, a didactic spirit, and an attitude like a rich uncle who holds the purse strings and dictates what people are to do if they want to see any of it.
I assume this means that the Commission accepts all toe related amendments tabled by the Commit tee on the Environment.
Ahlqvist Andersson, Hulthén, Löow, Theorin, Waidelich and Wibe (PSE), in writing. - (SV) Sweden has made its position clear on the issue of a Common EU Foreign and Security Policy in the proposal which has been presented to the current Intergovernmental Confer ence in conjunction with Finland.
About 5% of the budget goes to the administrative running costs of the Community institutions and bodies.
In our view, sport and culture, which have close links with each other, are two sides of the same coin and wUl be more highly valued if, as a result of pressure from us, an explicit and realistic reference to sport can be included in the text of the new EU Treaty.
Here we must stress the link with the development of genetic engineering and the links with the patenting of transgenic animals.
The task forces
Unlessothennrise specified when the vote is taken, amendments to these Rulesshall enter into force on the first day of the pafl-session following their adoption.
In points 6, 8, 12, 15, 19 and 21 he puts forward solutions which deserve the full attention of the Commission.
Member of the Canberra Commission for the abolition of nuclear weapons (since 1995).
Author of the publication 'Solidarietà'.
We cannot act in any other way: when information reaches the politician responsible, the decision must be taken to suspend, as a precaution.
Ryynänen (ELDR). - (FI) Mr President, Mr Commissioner, the commission's first annual report on equal opportunities for women and men is, in itself, a positive step forward.
That shows that there is a link between the problem of unemployment and many of the other problems we encounter as a society.
To do this would be to offer some sort of an incentive to those countries not to participate in monetary union if they have strong cunencies and are eligible to do so.
Efforts were also made to interest these countries in projects, including publication on the Internet (which some delegations consult), toe presence of toe Commission in Sarajevo and Brussels, in order to meet and inform delegations from these countries, and encouraging these countries to contribute their skUls, within the project terms of reference.
Instead of finally establishing the Union on a foundation of civil law, where security means legal certainty and not law and order!
Member of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Regional Council.
(Parliament adopted the resolution) (Parliament warmly applauded Mrs Pery)
We both find ourselves standing up to unilateralism, and the Helms-Burton and D'Amato laws are an interesting and significant example of this convergence of interests.
Indeed, according to Eurostat, the Union has reduced its investments in Japan on average by ECU 300 million per year between 1992 and 1995.
With regard to the fourth condition - environmental friendliness and citizen participation - I leave it to your assessment just what citizen participation might look like in Ukraine today.
The European Union bears responsibility not only for the development of Albania but also for the development of the entire region.
Knight of the Legion of Honour (France).
In his report to the Administrative Council, the President of the CPVO summarised the activities of the CPVO over the past year, the situation with regard to the 'reserve fund', which had evolved very little under the Austrian Presidency, the generally favourable reception given to the CPVO by France, the problems encountered with reimbursement of VAT and progress with the project to refurbish and fit out the new CPVO seat.
Question No 120 by Vassilis Ephremidis (H-0997/96)
We must be careful that there is no possibility that, via this report, the EP should be seen to be making decisions unilateraUy without the prior agreement of our partners and against their wiU.
I shall now refer very briefly to the chapter concerning the common foreign and security policy.
In order to achieve these objectives more effectively, the Commission plans to promote the role of statistics in the Fifth Framework Research and Development Programme and to include it in statistical initiatives.
This means that I cannot simply grant your request - and I do understand what you want to achieve - unless the PPE Group expresses its pgreement.
(Heckling) We will wait for the barracking to stop.
Nowadays, equality of opportunity between men and women must be emphasized so toat we may respond to the demands of our times and develop more effective policies to bring women into the labour market.
Committee members are elected by the political groups on a proportional basis, so as to ensure that all groups are represented.
front, however, when it says what that complementarity should actaaUy consist of: the European Parliament should control the Community institutions, and the national par liaments should only control their respective governments.
Mr McGowan's report clearly illustrates this.
The Commission would emphasize that in line with its communications since March 1995, considerable attention has been paid to bring about improvements in the transit procedures until the adoption on 30 April of this year of an Action Plan for making these procedures both more efficient and more fraud-proof.
It is now clear that Zaire is moving towards a new stage in its history.
President. - As the authors are not present, Questions Nos 12, 13 and 14 lapse.
Schierhuber (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I am very glad to see that the President-in-Office is with us today.
A meeting has been planned for later on this year, bringing together major participants, experts and NGOs in the media sector in order to build on good experience.
I can understand why, but at the same time the question is becoming more and more obvious: can the Commission still take responsibility for its own areas of competence?
Debates of the European Parliament
What is even more serious is the fact that the Dutch presidency also opposes the idea of Parliament having such powers, and made its views so plain that a motion was adopted in the Netherlands parliament calling the Dutch presidency to order on this point.
We need to bear in mind that books, newspapers and the other means of communication based on the written word will remain extremely important.
One of the most important instruments is fiscal policy.
To begin with, good results were achieved in the discussion of new subjects.
As already mentioned by my colleague Mr Monti, the Commission wUl continue to work constructively on the issue.
It is not at all in our minds to politicize this body but, on the contrary, to guarantee its independence and that of its members and, by doing so, to strengthen its authority, just as we do by appointing the members of the Court of Audit which in the past has enabled us to avoid certain overpoliticized appointments.
Cooperation with former Yugoslavia has been allocated ECU 259 million in commitment appropriations, in accordance with the preliminary draft budget, and ECU 180 million in payment appropriations.
Preserving the marine environment is a Council priority, but in realistic terms of everyday politics it wUl have to be balanced at all events against economic and regional interests.
Mr Netanyahu goes even further by carrying out actions against the Lebanon, to which that country's army have had to respond, quite legitimately.
IN THE CHAIR: MR D. MARTIN Vice-President
Consumer policy priorities (1996-1998), p. 126 - 7.
In these cases, GONAL- F® is started approximately two weeks after the start of agonist treatment, both being contin­ued until adequate follicular development is achieved.
In 1968, the instruments of the Transit System were probably sufficient, but in 1992, as this report has already made clear, the removal of internal frontiers rendered them effectively obsolete, if they were not so already.
And yet they are genetically modified products.
We support the six amendments without exception -incidentally, please add that fact to toe credit account you opened for toe Commission up until November.
During treatment with GONAL- F!" the possibility of ovarian hyperstimulation must be taken into consideration.
They may applaud or not applaud an intervention, but without extraneous comments.
My group believes that we need to give serious consideration to 'fair trade' bananas, produced using sustainable methods in countries which re spect human rights and so on.
A debate of principle was held on this subject as part of the discussions on the Auto/Oil Programme, and let me say at this point that the amend ment we are considering today is not in keeping with the line which Parliament took during the debate on that programme, as the rapporteur, Mr Collins, also pointed out.
So I welcome the report's emphasis on preventing threats to people and the environment, rather than just limiting them.
President. - The debate is closed.
A democracy without a parliament is inconceivable; this is why the European Parliament was created.
In fact, at that moment, and following the very specific manoeuvres of the Presidency, it was recognized for the first time that Europe can play not only an economic role but also a political role in the peace process in the Middle East.
Parliament has continually tried to secure more resources for these three programmes, and the Council has continually been opposed.
In the Bundeswehr of the Federal Republic of Germany there are stiU 1.5 million of these anti-tank mines.
The distinction which the rapporteur makes be tween formal freedoms and real freedoms is worryingly reminiscent, to me, of toe distinction made by the Marxists in this context, and we know that where there were no formal freedoms there were no real freedoms either.
which generally deals with cannabis through nonpenal measures may be far fewer than in a country which strictly enforces its prohibition, yet cannabis use may be higher.
I thank you for the acknowledgement that you have made already of the very important meeting that we had with the chairman and the chief executive of the British Association of Ski Instructors.
What is the position of the Commission at least? What plans does it have to raise the issue of tourism again or to put it back on the negotiating table, albeit now, at this late stage?
Nevertheless, ladies and gentlemen, if you would allow me, as someone from a country which is of course a signatory to this agreement, Greece, to express my desire and my wish to break down the final barrier to relations between the two countries by finding a viable and dignified solution, which is acceptable to both sides, to the problem of the international name of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, a solution that will respect "the sensitivities of both countries.
Member of the National Front political bureau.
That would clearly have improved passenger protection and would have been better.
Marketing director of a research centre.
Recommendation for second reading (A4-0271/97) by Mr Simpson, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the common position established by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Directive on common rules for the development of the internal market of Community postal services and the improvement of the quality of service (C4-0223/97-95/0221(COD))
The majority required shall be the majority indicated by the relevant article of the Treaty concerned.
President. - As toe author is not present, Question No 8 lapses.
1 This is a simplified description of lhe various procedures. The process is described in detail in lhe European Parliament's fact­sheets and the Treaty on European Union.
A similar regulation exists for protected designations of origin.
Another frequent aggravating fact is that in many countries crimebusting action is taken which, while laudable in itself, tends to put restrictions on goods transport in general.
On page 18 of toe German version, Item 16 ('Union policy towards Algeria') the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of toe Party of European Socialists mentions my name.
Kittelmann (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to add a few words on the conference in Singapore.
Don't let us suppress global 'networking' because of ignorance and fear of things new.
Letter of 24 April 1996 from Mr R.M. Rosado Fernandes, Member of the European Parliament, to Mr John Tomlinson, chairman of the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System
In our opinion, it is a general principle of justice that the risks inherent in a procedure used by several parties should not be borne by one of them.
Subject: Fraud against the Community transit system in the banana sector
The compromise is essentially one in which Parliament has recognized the technical realities associated with this directive on labelling and the Council has accepted the right of people to know what is in the food they eat.
One notes that while many are sure the system will not be ready on time, most of the same states are confident that they themselves will be ready.
He has also specified that it is only in Marcel Proust that genre, the French word for gender, is used with an indirect sexual connotation.
We are convinced that the economic and social develop ment of every country, including Tunisia, is crucially dependent on the parallel development of human rights.
Debates of the European Parliament
Here too, we should like to proceed more swiftly, and I hope that the European Parliament can support this approach.
I cannot prevent people buying if you do not know how to prevent people selling.
If toe House wUl agree to that then it can make both Mr Bangemann and myself happy at toe same time. This is a coincidence which has not always been achieved.
Of course, the European Council coincides with the closure of the IGC negotiations.
Implementation of 1997 budget (continuation), p. 11 - 8.
But I would point out to the Commissioner that there are three readings under codecision.
If China succeeds in bullying and intimidating the European countries one by one so that they bow theh heads in silence, then that will be a step backwards for human rights in the world.
ELDR
The Commission is sympathetic to the aim of this proposal, but has already proposed an improvement in connection with the resetting of the agricultural premiums.
- the Terrón i Cusí report
And we should not be too pessimistic: there are still three weeks to go before the Amsterdam summit, and as Commissioner Oreja said, there is still everything to play for.
Maybe there are several issues we have to take into account.
Remember your dignity, and remember that there are milUons of people unemployed!
We should also not forget that the leader of the Tibetan people, His Holiness the Dalai Lama, has indicated to the Chinese Government his constant willing ness to engage in talks, without making any substantial political demands; his overtures have just as constantly been rebuffed by the Chinese authorities, however.
It is the view of the European Parliament that neither of these basic texts provide an adequate framework for the good functioning of the transit system nor of the customs services in general.
The Commission has recently tightened considerably the guarantee requirements associated with transit.
The Commission will be working on the finer detail of an action programme.
One directive can require enacting several laws at national and regional levels.
In addition, of course, we also believe that it is essential for producers who are members of approved groups to be able to market their own products without any price reduction.
Noise policy
For its part, the CouncU has resigned from its institutional responsibilities.
This aspect must therefore be firmly underlined and brought to the attention of the Commission and the Member State governments.
Quite often this also creates new jobs.
And then here in the European Parliament, in the European Union, we say no, we don't want that because it is bad for competition.
Although this can legitimately be optimized, such a step must not entail abandoning consideration of the constraints associated with the maintenance of a public air traffic control service, so that the quality of the service provided can be guaranteed over the whole territory covered.
As we know, it already has a wide range of tasks to carry out, and it is no longer in a position to carry out these tasks in detail, and as thoroughly as it needs to.
The Cohesion Fund can also cofinance transport infrastructures in the islands of the eligible Member States. The island regions can thus benefit from the investments in the transEuropean networks.
It also hopes that the new multipartite assembly and the coalition government, with a large majority, will now be key actors in the process of reform towards building a democratic and violence-free society in Algeria.
Amendments may be proposed by a committee, a political groupor at least twenty-nine Members.
Once the vote has taken place, the result cannot be changed.
I can hardly believe that there is so different an under standing of the word peace anywhere in the Union that crimes can hide behind it.
This period will come to an end at the end of December 1997.
The report in question was prepared only as a part of this analysis and served as an internal document to support the examination of the case.
There is no doubt that in recent years increasing attention has been paid, including at an international level, to the question of forests: many honourable Members who have taken the floor have already mentioned both the United Nations Rio Conference on the Environment and Develop ment and the Ministerial Conference for the Protection of Forests in Europe that took place in Helsinki in June 1993.
What has the Commission been doing to shoulder its responsibilities under the Treaty to see that Article 138.3 is put into effect?
"I have no fear about the interchange of information between the various systems" - Mr Walker of the Commission: evidence of 24.9.96 idem.
If it is made aware (e.g. through the various monitoring committees) that a project appears not to comply with the priorities, criteria or Community policies, the Commission will carry out an appropriate examination in the framework of the partnership, asking the Member State in question or the authorities concerned to present theh comments or explanations, where necessary.
Secondly, the Albanian people's demonstration called for three things: for Mr Berisha to go, for the return of its money, and for a change of the regime which existed and which bled the country dry.
We agreed a joint action on the approximation of laws and practices of police, customs services and administrative authorities in the fight against drug addiction and illegal drug trafficking.
Votes
That is why Maastricht Π must be a large­scale project against the absolutism of Brussels.
The extraordinary meeting on 24 April resulted in the following decision:
On the Larive report (A4-0219/97)
Now we have done what we have done, in other words, we have failed to assert those principles; well, I believe that Europe's assessment of its own interests cannot be so nanow-minded as to fail to understand that saving our political credibility is more important than a few trade deals!
You are not the Europe of the fat cats, in which old­style capitalism has donned the mask of globaUzation and is on the march once more.
That is one positive feature of this report.
The statement shall be followed by a debate.
The Conditions
Public mistrust of the politicians in the Member States has, moreover, been extended by the ratification of the Maastricht Treaty to those who are working to bring about the Union, and to the chosen method.
The Member States should of course adopt the necessary measures, but what has happened so far about all that the European Parliament has . proposed and the Commission has supposedly approved?
So we are in favour of the timing of the euro and we also wish to see compliance with the letter and spirit of the convergence criteria.
The Community Transit system, though requiring that the principal at the outset notify the customs office of departure of the point of destination, does not at present disallow a change in the office of destination while the goods are en route.
I imagine Minister Patijn wishes to reply, as several Members have criticized his earlier speech.
Boogerd-Quaak (ELDR). - (NL) Mr President, on behalf of the Liberal Group, I should like to thank the Commission and the three rapporteurs for their work, which is the subject of our debate today.
Before the single Community market was completed, the customs authorities performed an important controlling role, since they used to coordinate supervisory activities in the economic, financial, health, statistical, and tax spheres.
Postal services
That is something we must never forget.
So the Council feels that on that list, agreed on that day, it got a once and for all exemption.
Without these structural conditions the European Union will continue to lack prestige as regards external policy -it is a hard truth - and it will not in the medium term provide the appropriate support for the development of economic and financial policies and the relevant social progress.
That is all it says!
I thank him not only for analysing, criticizing and proposing improvements to toe consumer policy priorities envisaged by toe Commission for 1996­1998 but also for evaluating the 1993­1995 priorities, which enabled us for'the first time to perceive clearly the targets that were set and whether we had achieved or missed them.
TrakateUis (PPE). - (EL) Mr President, it is a historical fact that both Roentgen, who worked with X-rays, and Piene Curie, who together with Marie Curie discovered the element radium, suffered the harmful effects of the radiations they discovered and studied for the progress of science and for the benefit of humanity.
I think it really is high time for toe European Union to adopt a foreign policy worthy of the name.
Social aspects are usually to some extent included.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-278/97) by Mr Alber, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, on relationships between international law, Community law and the constitutional law of the Member States.
Any Member State may itself determine which procedure should be appUed, including the role of its parliament, in order to prepare for the above mentioned decision of the European CouncU. During the fourth sitting of the negotiation conference on Sweden's accession to the European Union the conference took note of the declaration to that effect made by the Swedish delegation.
If so, will it ensure that its proposals include an exemption from such a levy for the valuable work of charity services such as the 'talking newspaper' movement for blind people?
This would not be a great help in the global warming stakes.
If this report does Utile more than make governments aware that there is a serious problem to be addressed, this will be an important achievement.
The Commission has also sought to set up a dialogue between the British Association of Ski Instructors (BASI) and the French authorities.
A EU-funded project has supported the efforts of Turqey to eliminate child labour by 20EE.
(Mixed reactions)
Armaments are an area where we have lost count of abortive European projects because of the lack of specificity, huge overspending, the failure to pay the planned
Wulf-Mathies, Member of the Commission. - (DE) Mr Titiey, today is not the best time for such a question, because - as you know - the President of the Commission will be presenting Agenda 2000 and the various changes that will influence the Structural Funds programme.
(Parliament adopted the resolution) *
Having said that, Mr President-in-Office, and keeping to the broad outlines of your programme, I should like to examine various aspects of that European reality to which you refer, with a view to highlighting a number of the issues which Parliament considers to be important.
Marin, Vice-President of the Commission. - (ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I welcome with great satisfaction the Miranda report whose analyses and con clusions on the new agreement between the European Union and Chile recognises and strengthens the work which has already been carried out by the European Commission.
UDF Departmental Chairman.
When we look at the situation in Bosnia we see that 30 to 40 % of deaths in Bosnia are caused by anti-tank mines.
Since the Commission Directive as implemented by the relevant Decisions have direct effect, individuals have the right to bring action against Member States in national courts for breach of Community law if any of these Member States would fail to conectly transpose the Directive.
This group drew up the first European Action Plan to Combat Drugs, adopted in 1 990 at the European Council meeting in Rome.
If we are to avoid distortions of competition and make the stock markets more transparent and give minority shareholders at least minimum protection, we need a minimum of legal certainty.
Since this debate is leaving the Croatian framework, I wish to denounce the irresponsibility of those, led by the United States, who are running the risk of massively arming the Muslim authorities in Sarajevo and setting fire again to the powder-kegs of Herzegovina and northern Bosnia.
There has been another example of this just this week involving transport in England.
Author of the chapter on 'Nucleic acids and gene activity' in the publication by Best and Taylor: 'The Physiological Basis of Medical Practice . The subject matter of his research articles relates principally to insulin synthesis and biosynthesis, nucleic acids, protein biosynthesis and the immunological effects of vitamin B6 deficiency.
The Mulder report further shows that the Commission has not been consistent in laying down sanctions.
I therefore refrained from voting against certain measures even when I did not agree with them, opting instead for abstention.
Medina Ortega can associate myself entirely with what Mr Medina Ortega has already said, so I shall spare the House the other two minutes of speaking time, which will be my gift to the House as a.contribution to the quality of life here and as a foretaste of the working of the Holy Spirit this coming Pentecost Sunday.
University Management:
This makes it possible for every stage of the procedure, from the submission of a provisional summary declaration of the arrival of the goods to the granting of clearance by the customs authorities, to be carried out by computer link.
An economic restoration strategy worked out by the World Bank will act as a framework for the country's economic and institutional reform.
It is up to us to give them hope by recreating the conditions for a more prosperous and more humane Europe.
In this situation, I should like to follow the example of Mr Bertens - even if we didn't sign the same motion - and express the concern felt by toe entire Socialist Group.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
The main principles and objectives of the European Union are: complaint
Children must learn at a very early age to treat other cultures and traditions with tolerance.
I also accept that not all of the assessments are of the highest quality or as good as they could be.
In addition, despite national and Union legislation, there is still a gap averaging around 20 per cent between women's pay and men's pay.
Having identified the assumptions, or external factors, which could affect the project objective, a strategy should be defined to address these issues.
What is the Commission planning to do in order to ensure compliance with policies relating to the transport of passengers and freight in outlying regions and to ensure observance of the principle of free competition?
The Association considers it appropriate for the European Parliament or the Commission to set up a committee as soon as possible to draw up proposals for more effective rules on transit.
There is a description of harmonisation in the report which, according to Mrs Weiler, is a translation error.
The aim of this Convention is set up the means and even the conditions prior to the free movement of persons.
') Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
A fresh customs procedure must be started if the goods are to be released.
Stereotyping of women is much more dangerous than stereotyping of men.
In this Parliament's Joint Group on the Islands which I have the honour to chah, Members from all nations and of all shades of political opinion have had no difficulty in establishing anangements for diagnosing joint problems affecting us caused by the sea.
By definition a setdement means that you will not get a ringing declaration saying that we are right and the Americans are wrong in an international tribunal.
We should not reproach this country for failings in the reform process, because logic dictates that when there is external pressure it is incredibly difficult to carry out internal reforms at the same time.
I shall keep coming back with this question until this study is started, which I hope will be very soon.'Consumers in Sweden have, by the way, reacted very strongly against the unrestricted children's advertising found in Europe.
Finally, the Translation Centre would like to thank the Translation Service of the European Commission for its help and support during this difficult operational start-up period.
Debates of the European Parliament
No 4-500/245
Community Plant Variety Office
Now, on the basis of a single application to the Community Plant Variety Office ('the Office'), a breeder may be granted protection guaranteeing him exclusive exploitation rights for his variety throughout the EU.
This may not always be the case in the future, as genetic technology may help us to move away from non-natural methods in other contexts.
The outcomes to be produced during the project implementation should be described in concrete terms.
In today's report, which I fully endorse and to which I have also tabled a few amendments as the shadow rapporteur, the place of sport as a responsibUity of society in its entirety receives particular emphasis, for sport is a significant social phenomenon.
Lawyer (since 1970).
Also, many people do not receive their pay, and the economic and social chaos in the countries of the former Soviet Union makes life very difficult.
It is also essential to make justice and internal policy a Community policy, as we have stressed repeatedly in this Parliament, and to create a European legal area as part of a vital strategy to fight terrorism and the drug traffic. That was made very clear in the previous debate.
We therefore have a very important task in front of us.
On item V - Discriminatory measures by China against certain EU Member States - I have an objection from the Group of the Party of European Socialists which seeks to replace this item by an item entitled 'Western Sahara' and to include the item on China under Human rights.
I really must ask you to look into it, as it is quite clear that the administration wants to take over everything, and make us into an executive.
Parliament was not satisfied.
How could it be otherwise in a democracy?
It is not the subject of the dispute between the European Union and the United States.
Internal and external quality assessment system of outputs produced.
These amendments show toat once again the European Parliament is having to do toe work of the administration. That is not what we were elected for.
This has to be said quite plainly here.
But, Mr President I must say that in fact I am terribly disappointed in the Commission.
In my report I therefore request the Commission to analyse in the next report the causes of the delays in this implementa-
'No more nationalism' was the logical reaction after we had conquered national socialism.
We are thinking about that.
And if that cannot be achieved I shall try to get tourism catered for via other articles of the Treaty, because as an industry, as a sector, it does need to be catered for.
A Community solution, however, will be neither simple nor easy, mainly for two reasons: First, whatever the measures proposed, they will have to impinge upon the difficult area of the free movement of goods and services, as established by primary and derivative law and as safeguarded by the decisions of the European Court.
DOC_EN\CM\301\301281
In addition, even if we do make the transfer, the legal base would be 100c so this Parliament would only be consulted about the matter and would have no other rights than simple consultation.
The whole field of information and communications tech nology is vital to our lifestyle and economy.
At the time when I tried to raise this I was told it had nothing to do with the European Parliament and I was criticized for doing so.
I am from an era that was shaped by the Vienna Congress at the end of the Napoleonic Wars.
These patents, however, can be challenged by national courts, and there is therefore a real danger of legal fragmentation in Europe, a fragmentation that would be poison for investment in Europe. That is why we need this Directive.
So what we need for enlargement is an efficient, institutional and unified framework structure for all candidates, and not just for foreign, internal and legal policy.
0 City councillor and deputy mayor, Madrid (1979-1983).
Lindqvist (ELDR), in writing. - (SV) The system of travel expenses and allowances must be changed to bring it into line with what is acceptable to the general public.
There may have been justification for criticizing the activities of the Commission's officials, but caUing for the resignation of President J. Santer was exaggerated.
The debate is closed.
Marset Campos (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Madam President, the Confederal Group of the European United Left -Nordic Green Left fully supports the work and recommen dations of the temporary committee of inquiry into the Community transit system.
In other words, we are still feeling the consequences of BSE because a British company, De Mulder brothers, wanted to poison British beef cattle. Now the whole of Europe is paying the price.
However, the Com mission is prepared to reconsider these points in the context of a future amendment of the regulation.
I should like to begin by thanking Mrs McNally for her great efforts in trying to persuade the Energy Committee to include the Environ­ment Committee's suggestions in its report, unfortunately without success.
We called for other rules from the start, such as more transparency, democratic control and social and ecological responsibility.
The motion of censure shall be adopted if it securesa two-thirds majority of thevotes cast, representing a majority of the component Members of Parliament.
Bureau of Parliament Secretariat
Family means people with children, and what does a marriage certificate have to do with toat?
One of the more absorbing aspects of the Committee's work has been to learn of the complexity of the routes by which contraband cigarettes now enter free circulation in the Union.
The decentralized operation of these funds makes it possible, therefore, for the producer organizations to target their actions more appropriately on those sectors in greatest need.
Daskalaki theories we like.
In addition to methodology development (for both national and company levels), a wide range of different suggestions were made for initiatives to be taken at the European level, such as:
1-EclN: Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations
If we win that one there will be a decision in the Council, but if the diversity of the Community is such that no agreement can be reached then you are left without a decision and I unfortunately must say that at the moment that is what it looks like - unless you can give the Commission some political margin for manoeuvre to amend its proposal so that a majority in the CouncU can accept it.
A coherent system should be one which provides quite simply that all foods produced using gene technology will be labelled.
As a first step a clear labelling system is required to inform and reassure consumers about toe quality and true origin of these products.
At the moment we can make no progress, specifically because the Dutch Presidency has not taken a final view on the matter.
The question that now needs to be asked is: why do airlines and national civil aviation authorities fail time and time again to enforce their own regulations?
We should not have a democratic body which focuses only on the 15 Member States.
Question No 84 by Hervé Fabre-Aubrespy (H-0375/97) Subject: European Community expenditure on information, communication and education
Directorate-General for the Presidency Division for the Activities of Members
Now, this kind of inaccuracy gives the impression that we favour one faction rather than the other, whereas impartiality is what is needed.
And this year's diary will be full, I think in particular of the Intergovernmental Conference and the new Treaty to be adopted in Amsterdam, as well as the start of negotiations towards expansion.
As regards the six key areas, or six key issues, identified by Denmark, one has to say that no progress is being made.
Debates of the European Parliament
The code of conduct was approved in December, together with the budget.
I do not see that it needs changing, except to adjust to the circumstance of a larger number of countries.
0 International Vice-Chairman of the Pan-European Union.
The deepest gulf in standards of living on the EU's borders is on the border between Finland and Russia.
This is a form in 8 copies (not all of which are used) on which details of the transit operation are included (importer, exporter, forwarder, nature of goods, destination, guarantor, etc.) and which is validated by the customs service at the office at which the transit operation initiates.
I shall conclude with a few words on the institutions: the third main chapter of the negotiations is institutional reform.
Many workers, as well as the trade unions, are aware of issues relating to health, safety at work and the environment.
Caudron (PSE), in writing. - (FR) Common sense is not necessarily the most commonplace quality in the world.
President. ­ The next item is the joint on the following four motions for resolutions:
Debates of the European Parliament
In January this year, approval was given to a joint action relating to the typification of the behaviour of traffickers and to improved cooperation between Member States.
And here we must make a clear distinction between those areas where afforestation is sensible or necessary and those where it should only be considered as a last resort to manage rural areas.
Her work is not only enhanced by the talents that she has demonstrated in parliamentary negotiations, but also because she has drafted a report which is a model of simplicity and clarity.
What exactly is the Commission going to do to now to establish economic cohesion in a sustainable manner?
Goods may be stored for no more than five years, a period which may be extended for a further five years.
Article K.9 of the Treaty on European Union
Question No 8 by Mr Imaz San Miguel has been with drawn.
Parliament may lay down a code of conduct for its Members.
IN THE CHAIR: MRS FONTAINE Vice-President
But I think it suffers from certain illusions in relation to family life, school life and culture.
We are of course in favour of strengthening and enlarging it, because it has already brought positive results in many areas.
Uneasiness, Madam Commissioner, because of the approval of some TACs and quotas which, in my opinion, depart from the line main tained until a few days ago by the Commission.
Of course the actual need of payment credits depends on the invoices presented by the Commission.
The global data networks are particularly difficult to control.
The issues involved are so important, because the European Union is not founded on the market alone, but also on human rights, and human rights are profoundly bound up with ethics.
Moretti (ND· - (IT) Mr President, the Commission's reports on the cohesion fund and the other structural funds for the 1995 financial year have arrived punctually.
We voted in favour of making the panel's rulings legally binding, and even urged that they should be made so.
The example of the Abbruzes must lead us to quickly look at what measures can be implemented in order to fill the legal vacuum which surrounds the abrupt termination of a region's eligibility under the Structural Fund objectives.
My third comment concerns civil society.
The Conference of Presidents may, when giving authorization, stipulatethat thepower to take a decision is to be delegated pursuant to Rule52. 52.
Cultural differences have led to different rates on the same items in different Member States.
Ordinary people have not the slightest interest in this.
» of ill health and medical costs are usually not included * costs of absenteeism and disability are included * increased productivity is used in case studies only taken into account base and competitiveness * secondary effects (e.g.
Why has it not acted in the interests of the people of Europe in response to calls from their representatives like myself and others who have asked questions in the past?
The conclusions he has presented are clearly the result of a detailed study of the complex problems involved in the European Union's relations with ASEAN.
They are a challenge to us all.
■ strict adherence to the provisions of the Treaty requiring Parliament to be informed of action taken by the Council;
Environment (measures and implementation of programmes, Article 130s(l))
34 December 1996: Research Centre, Aarslev/Denmark — Visit to the DUS trials of poinsettia
Furthermore, on the basis of a Danish initiative some initial consideration is being given to certain types of ancillary protection for persons who cannot be regarded as refugees as defined in the Geneva Convention but who nevertheless need a certain type of international protection.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights adopted 64 amend ments. The Commission is prepared to accept all of those amendments because they provide suitable clarification...
In my opinion, these constructive proposals are lacking on the part of the Council, and certainly not on the part of the European Parliament!
Van der Waal (I-EDN). - (NL) Mr President, toe report by the Committee of Inquiry blames the UK Government and the Commission for a number of serious errors.
Not only have the most serious doubts on safety been ignored, but also the fact that energy from nuclear sources is quite unnecessary in the Ukraine, and that these reactors represent an economic risk.
(Parliament approved the Minutes) (')
') Membership of Parliament ­ Membership of committees and delega­tions ­ Declarations entered into the register ­ Forwarding of resolu­tions adopted during the sitting ­ Dates for next part­session: see Minutes.
Cooperation on legal matters, the establishment of a common foreign and security poUcy - these are the key issues of the Intergovernmental Conference.
The extraordinary meeting of the European Council will probably be a test for your Presidency.
A full list of this material can be found at the end of this volume.
Visit to several breeding companies.
This contrasts with the price fluctuations which occur on the uncontrolled free market, which profit the multinationals.
0 Secretary of Maidstone District Labour Party.
We on this side of the House believe that your presidency has been a success.
To some extent there will be addi­tional responsibilities but surely as we approach the new millennium, the least we can expect from ferry companies is an acknowledgement that they ought to know how many people are on their ships and who they are.
') Agenda for 28 and 29 May - Authorization to draw up reports - referral to committees - documents received - Action taken on Parliament's opinions: see Minutes.
We should not be afraid of it.
Has it ensured that the shares that were sold Off were properly valued, in accordance with the European Union's competition policy?
The political composition of the delegation shall correspond to the compositionof Parliament by political groups.
Serious because it affects the operating costs of our undertakings, which are paying a very high price for the lack of a harmonised ah traffic control system in Europe, and urgent because each time there is a disruption, not only does this involve losses for our undertakings, but also incalculable inconvenience for our citizens.
And Community aid should be extended to the work the agencies are doing with others besides our neighbours in eastern and central Europe. From north to south there are border zones where environmental problems, along with poverty, are burning issues.
Patijn. - (NL) To be honest, toe staffing policy of the European institutions is not really my speciality.
The number of fires in Europe is tending to increase consider ably.
If not, can the Commission explain why the complaint was closed?
Strategy papers place great emphasis on analysing individual countries' and regions' constraints to take account of past, cunent and likely future crises.
On the one hand we have limited competition as a result of the lack of a single European market.
My professional activity in medicine has been devoted in its entirety, throughout thirty years, to the saving of human lives, lives of men and women in all conditions, of all races, of all nationalities, without obtain ing the slightest financial benefit from it, unlike some of my colleagues who have made their fortunes in caring for humans and of whom the representative given the most media coverage sits on our benches.
Parliament will be watching to ensure that the Commission carries out its promise.
That is where the subsidiarity principle comes into its own.
Nordmann (ELDR), rapporteur. - (FR) Mr President, I hope that population matters will produce the same positive feelings in ParUament and the Commission as every-
tions to be imposed on European Union fishermen, it seems to us vital for the Council and Parliament to be able to have their say on the validity of such restrictions.
STATEMENT TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM BY ROTHMANS OF PALL MALL (INTERNATIONAL) LIMITED
The 1992 plan to reform the agricultural policy has already improved the Community's agricultural situation.
All draft amendments or proposed modifications to the draft budget must be justifiedin in writing.writing.
So I hope the Commission will be vigilant to ensure that this social dialogue gets going, with the trade unions, but the employers too, taking part.
But let me begin by briefly explaining why this is anything but a routine matter in the case of Germany.
Answer
In the partner countries (NIS and Mongolia):
In addition to this substantial effort to make the rules easier for the citizen to understand, there are also the amendments, which go right down to the level of offering technical examples: for example, where they focus on the criteria for direct product sales to make life easier both for producers and for consumers, but with rules that tie any marketing activities strictly. to the enterprise.
Cloning would encourage excessive inbreeding and could lead to a rise in mental and physical disorders among Uvestock.
institution which has been decisive for toe constant improvements which have been noted.
Finally, a letter dated 3 April 1997 signed by Director-General Mogg was sent to the French authorities, asking them to provide the Commission with a first evaluation of the decree on service providers.
We are all convinced that guarantee rules for all should be established at the international level, but we are still concerned, all the more so as the decision on this closer consultation between the European Union and the United States was part of an agreement which led to the suspension of the WTO panel when the United States was in the dock over its Helms-Burton Act.
Patients suffering from rare diseases or cancer, for which knowledge on a great variety of genes is needed, are gravely concerned that it may not otherwise be possible to pay for the research.
(The President declared the common position adopted, as amended) von Wogau (PPE), chairman of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy. - (DE) Mr President, allow me to congratulate our rapporteur, Mr Christodoulou, who has succeeded in ensuring that Parliament has finally delivered a clear opinion on this exceptionally difficult issue.
President - I can announce the results of the third ballot for the election of Quaestors:
The presidency's work on the Cyprus question focused on support for the UN, which is the body primarily responsible for finding a solution to the problem.
A)Staff
It is not enough to define policies full of good intentions: if their implementation and the results obtained are not studied, they may not be sufficiently effective unless the politicians responsible are aware of what is happening.
However, I would not go so far as to imply that, if we undertake something here from the standpoint of consumer protection, it can be the subject of negative lobbying somewhere or other.
We are asking you, as President of this House, to read a letter that was sent by the President of this House to a Member.
Ainardi (GUE/NGL). - (FR) Madam President, the Algerian people are suffering a new escalation of terror that is without precedent since 1992.
The reporter - and the Legal Affairs Committee agrees with him - advocates a directive, because the Member States can apply that more flexibly.
We need to move away from the first-generation agreements in which the governments of the coastal states concerned gave Euro pean fishermen fishing rights in return for a sizeable sum of money.
EU employees working in Sweden are also protected by the Swedish military and can enjoy the
While I am on the subject of television, Mr President, I would Uke to say that there are clauses on consumer protection, protection of the viewer-consumer, for example relating to television without frontiers, concerning the timing of advertisements, etc., which at least in my own country are completely disregarded.
We do not in fact believe that just those two little pages of the whole of the Amsterdam Treaty should be voted on so rapidly while the remainder of the treaty is so confused that the members of the European Council have themselves still to subscribe to it and will be doing so in October.
Educated at Sunderland University.
In certain sectors, the adoption of Com munity rules of a general nature could therefore prejudice balances achieved with great difficulty over a period of time.
Particularly through the Joint Assembly, the democratic institution of the ACP-EU Convention which unites the EU with 71 countries of the African, Caribbean and Pacific regions, the European Parliament has worked to establish a partnership based on trade and economic development, on the fight against poverty and on the respect for human rights and democratic principles.
One means of improving equal ity is to have all companies and public institutions produce an annual equality plan.
Crossborder and interregional cooperation is another sector that enhances the value of the Union's structural interventions and must be promoted.
It is immensely important because of the support it can give to the designated equality institutions: the Member States, the councils and the associations.
In his former posts in his native country of Austria, he did an excellent job in this area.
Following toe newspaper article cited above and toe oral question on this issue, toe European Commission is, however, planning to attract the attention of Member States to possible illegal activities in this field in upcoming pharmaceutical committee meetings.
In practice only 20-39 % of the economy is privatized and there is scarcely any real legislation on privatization, only on leasing.
In that post Siegbert Alber will, I am quite sure, contribute to ensuring that Europe not only becomes a reality through the decisions of the European Court of Justice, but also that it is brought closer to its citizens.
This information is transmitted through a computer network linking all points in Europe.
Practical joint legislation on asylum is there fore the third requirement to emerge from the Dublin summit.
Answer
Step 1 - Assessment of formal requirements
Although it is still permissible for owners of goods to have customs declarations made on their behalf, the persons making the declarations must be qualified to do so, a condition which did not apply under the earlier arrangements.
For the last two years, the negotiators have been looking at the revision of the Treaty on European Union.
SUMMARY TABLE: PARTNER COUNTRY ELIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION PER APPLICATION DEADLINE
President of the Portuguese Farmers' Confederation.
He was implicitly stating that fear is a common heritage and collective fear is therefore normal.
Moving in that same direction, I ask you to consider, specifically because of the importance of the directive, the need to retain as it stands the committee's amendment to Article 9.
With the end of the restrictions on cabotage on 1 July 1998, the conditions for the internal market will be complete in this sector, and there will be unrestricted access to the market throughout the Union.
In Fiumicino airport, it was indicated that the customs were aware that strictness in controls had a negative impact on Alitalia's competitive position, with the clear suggestion being made that Northern European airports with less stringent regimes benefitted as a result.
From Wackersdorf to Hainburg; almost national myths are connected with them, where ordinary people tried to defend themselves against politics and the political establishment.
• control of the implementation of the budget by a financial controller appointed by the Administrative Council and by the Court of Auditors.
In practice, the Council, acting on a proposal by the Commission, will be able to issue specific recommendations on these matters to the Member States.
One of these is the perspective of consumers, and the other is the perspective of companies.
A qualitative change in EU foreign policy is taking place here.
During plenary sessions, 'Question Time' provides a forum for a series of questions and answers on topical matters between Members of Parliament and Members of the Commission.
Furthermore, we politicians are responsible for the public debate on what we are supposed to want politically.
As has been stated, we are aware that Kazakhstan's record regarding the protection of freedom, respect for human rights and consoUdation of the democratic process is unsatisfactory, but it is also a fact that some positive progress has been made, allowing us to hope that that country has now started on its way down the right road, leading to implementation of the agree ment.
Think of those androgynous beauties, think of the hairy chests, think of the well-muscled, increasingly ostentatious monsters.
"Any citizen of the Union, and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State, shall have the right to address, individually or in association with other citizens or persons, a petition to the European Parliament on a matter which comes within the Community's fields of activity and which affects him, her or it directly."
The debate is closed.
05.05.1947 Civil servant, lawyer Spain PSOE MEP: 01.01.1986 PSE
Why am I saying this?
We are going to vote for the amendments which have been adopted by the Committee, that is, not to be bound by these very tight financial limits, to be able to give a higher level of cofinancing from the EU's side and that there should be thorough checks on whether the funds have been used correctly.
when the need for transit computerisation should already have been apparent.
Varela Suanzes-Carpegna (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, Mr Presidentinoffice of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, the words of the Presidentinoffice of the Council really are misleading.
This will not only be monetary union: we will have a single currency, but not just a currency.
Madam President, I conclude with a final comment concerning the participation of local and regional authorities, which contributes to the transparency of the programmes.
C Search for more effective tools on hardware and software:
The Swiss then had to observe an export ban and we suddenly found that the Swiss make their worldfamous Bündner meat from Argentinian beef.
Van Dijk (V), in writing. - (NL) This report is acceptable to the Green Group in the European Parliament because it allows the Member States the scope to introduce more sweeping measures to prevent noise from aircraft.
Studied political science ¡CPAG - Preparatory Centre for the Civil Service, Toulouse).
Sorgdrager, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) ■ Mr President, Mrs Kjer Hansen has said that we have been holding the same type of debate for some time now which is becoming quite depressing.
Macrofinancial aid for Bulgaria (C4-253/97) and Macedonia (C4-254/97)
The first is that I believe Mr Samland really means that the report should be refened back to committee, as postponement of the debate is not possible: the debate has taken place, and we cannot simply postpone the vote.
The single currency and the European Parliament
There are undertakings with problems and others with no problems at all.
But the use of these drift nets is economically unviable and therefore no longer acceptable.
Manufacturers must take all the necessary measures to prevent pollution
The EU fully endorses the report's recommendations and js putting its weight behind pressing those responsible to implement them.
Amendment No 12 to Article 13(2), in which the term 'practitioner' is changed to 'examining doctor', may lead to misunderstandings.
In short, our group is in favour of the majority of the amendments adopted in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights on the common position of the Council, as this initially involved regulating the issue of protection of personal data and privacy in telecommunications without leaving it to arbitrary decisions of private companies.
However, no decision would be taken to admit these other countries until a satisfactory level of preparation was attained and they were fully able to accept their obligations in a transit system as reformed.
And again I associate myself with the full force and rigour of Mrs Reding's comments.
It costs on average ECU 19 000 to submit to the European Patent Office a patent application covering eight countries, a market volume similar to that of the United States.
In my personal experience, the PHARE programme is still too dependent on the national governments and on their at times very underdeveloped administrations, which means that we keep seeing regional partners drawing up and setting up wonderful projects and programmes, only for the central state then either not to approve them or to drag its feet.
Finally, there was another point raised by the rapporteur.
Members who have asked for the quorum to be established shall be counted asbeing present within the meaning of paragraph 2, even if they are no longer in the Chamber.
Your petition may be drawn up in any official working language of the European Union (Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish and Swedish).
"We have also been given many examples of how naive some of the private sector players can be.
Happart (PSE). - (FR) Mr President, Commission, there is no reason, is there, why meat should escape the new religion, the worship of the golden calf, which seems to be the one guiding principle of the public and of leaders in our so-called rich and civilized societies?
However, Mr President, I am sure you will understand that, addressing you as I do after the Chairmen of the Socialist and PPE Groups, I must express very strongly the sense of frustration experienced by all the other political groups when it comes to appointing candidates to positions of responsibility in this Parliament.
Are there any comments?
The Commission is of the view that the components of the project as a whole comply with the objectives and criteria set out in the Guidelines.
In retrospect a better argument by the prosecution would have been that the integrity of the i IK Carnet System was an assigned matter and putting false consignment details on a TIR Carnet in the UK was an offence.
Debates of toe European Parliament
Details of Payment -Serving as information for the Office in order to establish the purpose of any payments made by you to the Office.
The Commission proposal also places more stringent demands on drivers.
Obviously, all Members of the Parliament can use any of the three buttons they wish.
SELECTION PROCESS
The parliamentary committees generally meet for two weeks a month in Brussels, for ease of contact with the European Commission and Council.
I have to say to the President-in-Office that Europe proved ineffective here.
It would be morally wrong to remove or reduce the support that we offer to people when, for whatever reason, they are in need, be it as a result of age, disability, health or unemployment.
• May 1997: Visit of the testing station of the Bundessortenamt in Haßloch.
In the French translation it is apparenüy difficult to understand the substance of the second paragraph.
But I have to mention, in passing, the importance that I attach to the Rothe report, too, given its global view and the pragmatism of the measures contained in it.
How to prepare an application for a Community trade mark: the choice of a sign. p. 18
That cannot be right and I hope the Commission can put matters straight tonight.
Mr Wolf, I think that the policy mix makes it possible to overcome what you call this 'stability fetichism'.
► entered on 30 October 1995, replacing Mr António VITORINO, who resigned on 28 October 1995.
1999 WORK PROGRAMME AND MEDIUM-TERM STRATEGY
Unnumbered:
But it is not appropriate for us to set the deadline for the resolution before the debate and before the President of the Commission has had an opportunity to respond.
The ethics advisory group does not inform the public; on the contrary, it tries to mollify public opinion.
07.07.1944 Teacher United Kingdom Lab. MEP: 19.07.1994 PSE m* . w
Clearly, legal cooperation within the Union is improving but we do not have a single legal jurisdiction yet.
Flynn, Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the social dialogue is a matter of constant - virtually weekly - concern in DG V, which is involved in all the preparations for all discussions and evaluations that deal with the social dialogue.
It is quite remarkable to see that in Europe, over the last 40 years, nuclear policies have been worked out by small groups of men - scientists, politicians and industrialists - without any real public consultation before decisions were taken, in particular through the intermediary of their national representatives.
This is the second month that this has happened.
And what about the idea of banning tobacco in order to outlaw smoking and combat cancer: it would be like banning grape growing to combat alcoholism; abandoning pig fanning because pork contains cholesterol which causes heart attacks, and, if you will permit an even more forceful analogy in conclusion, ceasing to have children in order to combat paedophilia!
The environment's resistance has been greatly reduced by industrial activity both in the developed world and in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
This means, firsdy, that the European Union must not let the fragmented interventions of its Member States be devel­oped on their own, separately from each other.
9. the development of a Community regional planning policy and problemsrelatedto the relationship between nationaltown and country planning forecasts anddecisions and Community regional policy;
Yes, the European Union's strategic objective is to develop in Latin America, and in particular in the southern tip, a strong, solid, creative, open economy which is able to have a special relationship with the European Union.
Conclusion
The EU has also made clear that it sees progress on Kosovo as essential for normalization of its relations with the FRY.
The delays in the system in the first place lead to the initiation of many unnecessary inquiry procedures, constituting a substantial waste of customs time and resources.
In this context, it should be stressed that the Commission always endeavours to avoid creating new committees when use can be made of existing committees, and that it called for a simplification of committee procedures in its memorandum in the current Intergovernmental Conference.
At present, the European Union operates on the principle of equality of its 11 official languages, which are also working languages.
Economics and management
Crampton own personal views and question marks about fisheries agreements in general.
Mr President, a few remarks about the key points of the negotiation and the 'Union for citizens'.
I will not respond to all of them simply because of the constraints of time.
I know that, before the regulations were adopted, an abortive attempt was made to negotiate, but tbis does not mean that the present negotiations would suffer the same fate.
Alongside employment, the other aspects of European social policy, in the broad sense of the term, also deserve all our attention.
The European Parliament's resolution declares that the draft treaty is not enough as it does not provide for the possibility of referral to the Court of Justice by individuals.
European Parliament implicit in its acceptance of the relevant "Europe Agreements"5, the Commission did not raise the matter with the political authorities in any clear way, and did not react to expressions of concern about the formcoming extension in the European Parliament6.
Santer. - (FR) Mr President, indeed there is still much to be done, as the Member said, and as I said myself, all the more so since we do not have the necessary instruments yet to create a tine Community policy at this level.
President. - Thank you, Commissioner.
My question on the same issue does actually appear under Mr Kinnock.
The problem is that we have several principles in the EU.
In the late 1970s the use of domestically produceddrugs was reported in some CEECs (Bulgaria,Czechoslovakia,Lithuania,Latvia,Hungary and Poland).
The common position allows Member States to choose an opt-in or an opt-out system for unsolicited calls made for direct marketing purposes.
5) By placing approximately two-thirds of its work on the external market, the Translation Centre has eliminated the periods of low activity which are experienced from time to time in some of the institutional translation
Honorary surgeon, Paris hospitals (1965).
Double charging will be prohibited in future.
Based on the above, the question arises: to what degree should the fifth framework programme aspire to support collaboration between military and non-military activities.
Mrs Berger's report is detailed and thorough in its examination of the issues involved in this subject.
From the economic point of view, the customs rules should as far as possible take account of the legitimate interests of trade and industry. The guiding principle should be that the transport of goods is impeded as little as possible.
And that is not being done!
I, personally, have always been a great subscriber to the principle of subsidiarity in European decision-making, but this is one area in a global environmental issue where there is no room for subsidiarity.
The tragedy is that noone is going to stand up and deny what I am saying.
COREPER, I understand, is now drawing up and defining its terms of reference, the institutional aspects and the form and extent of such European Union participation.
For the present, we accept the import of these products into the European Union, on a quota system.
de Silguy. - (FR) These are ready-made formulae.
Television guidelines, for in stance, give no definition of gender discrimination.
I can assure you, as far as I am concerned at any rate, that I entirely agree with your analysis and with your concerns, and I believe that at present, there is not a single European State that still applies this penalty.
I am also concerned when the development of our trade relations is presented as being necessarily destined to result in an intercontinental free trade area, even though this prospect is at present formulated in somewhat vague terms.
Donors reiterated their strong endorsement of Yemen's reform policies and pledged further considerable technical and financial assistance, which exceeded the level expected by the World Bank at the outset of the Donors Conference.
This is the second report on toe' demographic situation in the Euro pean Union with 1995 as its reference year.
The Translation Centre is confident that the graduai introduction of the various modules making up this accounting system will not only improve the financial information provided to the Management Board and the Court of Auditors; it will also increase internal efficiency by providing clear, rapid information on the real costs attributable to each of the Centre's departments, which in turn will serve as a basis for invoicing its customers.
One was the conclusion of an agreement on humane trapping methods worthy of their name - which the present version certainly is not; an agreement which lays down high animal welfare standards and at the same time takes due account of the justified concerns of indigenous peoples.
When the IGC has been successfully concluded in Amsterdam, we shall have to make a start on enlargement. This is of crucial importance for the stability and security of our continent.
Wéber (ARE). - Mr President, the Helsinki resolutions give an excellent definition of what sustainability means in relation to forestry.
I would also mention, Commissioner, and I would ask you to look into it, that the observation of the elections by Members of this House did not take place under optimum conditions, because the 'visibility', to which reference has so often been made, was very minimal if indeed it existed at all.
Mrs Read said, 'I hope that European citizens wiU very soon be able to enjoy toe same services at toe same price as the citizens of the United States.'
Even to say the costs of dismantling a nuclear power station are 10 % to 15 % of the construction costs is a nonsense.
Moreover, fictitious export transactions are being employed as an expedient with the aim either of obtaining unlawful refunds of VAT or of reducing imaginary stocks.
What steps will the Commission take to protect employees from the effects of working in factories built with asbestos (as it can often take 40 years for the disease to develop after exposure) and can the Commission reassure workers that their fears over asbestos are being taken seriously?
It must be based on qualified majority voting and codecision with this House.
At this moment in Europe's history, when the conference of the 15 governments is working on the revision of the treaties and the design of European institutions fit for the enlargement, the European Parliament must be the political conscience and the engine of the construction of Europe, estabUshing a political union with common democratic institutions and policies to preserve and improve the European social model, currently being battered by ultra-Uberal policies and strategies in the framework of economic globalization aimed only at boosting profits on capital, at the cost of dispensing with social rights and indeed with the workers themselves.
In addition to these and other technical and procedural improvements, priority must be given to greater cooperation and mutual assistance amongst the various EU customs administrations, involving joint investigation and preventive operations at a uniform level of intensity throughout the customs territory.
Debates of the European Parliament
Meanwhile, public expectations of the transport sector have risen in terms of protection of the environment, technical safety and compliance with industrial relations law.
Besides the main systems described above, a number of special customs regimes exist which may involve bonded transport of duty free goods.
Debates of the European Parliament
Palacio Vallelersundi (PPE), rapporteur. - (ES) Mr President, in the text of the report reference is made to the draft Treaty of Amsterdam, which was subsequendy amended at the final signing.
Leperre-Verrier (ARE), rapporteur. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this partsession has been largely devoted to the problem of enlargement.
Lastly, given the initiatives about which you have spoken in the framework of the OECD and the changes by the World Bank, does the Council intend to press for new European Union procurement rules so as to prevent corruption more effectively?
To me one of the most difficult features of the farm budget is that the income supplements per hectare are not being main tained.
Maastricht II completes the first step towards the abolition of democracy in favour of the extension of executive power.
But we should concentrate our limited resources on what we think is of first importance, both politically and economically, and here is the creation of consumer confidence by clarification of the origin of beef.
1 July (at the latest): National notes and coins are withdrawn from circulation.
As you know, at the Dublin European Council, on 13-14 December 1994, a political agreement was reached on the general principles and main elements of the Stability Pact.
No doubt, both the Commission and Parliament will return to this problem at a later date.
Férét (NI). - (FR) Mr President, the sole merit of this report is that it calls attention to the disastrous demographic situation in the European Union.
A first aid post operates permanently on the site.
I also hope that we can ask the Commission lo support R & D for telematics through the fourth and fifth framework programmes. I look forward to the Commissioner's replies and to thoughts from the rapporteur on these points. Regardless of these provisos, I commend both the Commission document and the rapporteur's text to the House. Mrs. Schmidbauer's report on the internalisation of external transport costs in the European Union is largely a good report.
Concerning the position of the European Union on the situation of civil war in Sri Lanka, the honourable Member could usefully refer to the replies to questions that she herself raised during the sessions of last May and July.
Figures given earlier in this report show the huge overhang of outstanding debt which has arisen from fraud in the transit system.1The point was made that the enforcement of this debt would almost certainly lead to widespread bankruptcies in the transport/forwarding sector.
Some countries have opted for reprocessing.
The per capita income of this country is 290 dollars a year, and when you allow for the development aid which we have given so far, in the final count 15 % of this income is actually in the form of financial support or contributions from the European Union.
The Myller report deals with many detailed issues.
But above all should be Member States' concern for the citizen in the street, including shoppers and consumers who have the right to expect effective protection.
I could not agree that there is any need for that.
The Research Team
This morning I asked for the youth volunteer service to be called the Mitterand Volunteers.
Le Gallou (NI). - (FR) Madam President, what characterises Mr Pradier's report is hypocrisy.
Truscott (PSE). - Can the Commissioner comment on the current human rights situation in Uzbekistan, and does he think the situation there is suitable enough for the EU to proceed with the ratification of a partnership and cooperation agreement with that country?
If that is the case, then it is important to know what reference quantity the Commission will use.
Former Member of the Benelux Consultative Committee and the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.
I explained this morning that toe Commission accepts toe possibility of basing aU three proposals under discussion here on Article 100a.
Member States must not think that they can each regulate this sector individually.
I would also, at this time, Mr President like to issue a warning which, in medical jargon, might amount to the setting-up of a screening process, or, as those of us on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy say, an early warning system.
This again confirms the benefits of centralising translation resources in order to even out the inevitable fluctuations in demand due to differences in the policies and work programmes pursued by the decentralised agencies, offices and bodies of the European Union.
What does IPA do?
Fifteen minutes were allowed and two minutes per Group, without realizing that that would not be enough.
But it will not be possible to reach this important environ mental goal if, at the same time, nuclear power is abolished.
Member of the Flemish Council (1987-1991).
The Herald of Free enterprise sank within twentytwo minutes of leaving Zeebrugge.
Sweden
Kinshasa is now a city under siege: the shops are closed, the streets are deserted, and, following yesterday evening's curfew imposed as a result of the arrival of Kabila's rebels at the gates of the city, the population is living in fear of a blood bath.
I should like to offer my congratulations to my friend and colleague Mr Medina Ortega for his report.
The same conditions must apply to all countries we deal with, be they in Europe, Africa, Asia or anywhere else. Our future credibility depends on it.
At the same time, these are debts knowingly and legally entered into.
Finally, it is impossible not to condemn the fact that the problem of the possible extension of the Community transit system should be mentioned, in connection with future EU enlargements, only with regard to Cyprus, largely ignoring the countries of Central Europe other than the Visegrad States, countries which were discussed at length by the committee when starting its work.
TOTAL
These treaties bind the states that ratify them and it is important that industrial companies enact them, particularly in the nuclear industry.
The simple question of whether our pensions are secure now exercises not only toe Germans, but an ever increasing number of the Union's citizens.
Neither the criteria of the European Union nor its bureau cratic methods are applicable in a society like Bosnia.
• environmental protection, submit a petition?
We notice that where there has been good utilization in Category 1, the forecasts have been perhaps over-optimistic and therefore I welcome the fact that we will have an updated picture of the 1998 budget before we come to our final vote.
In our opinion, it is not in the search for compromise with the fundamentalist forces that Algeria will find its salvation and the path to democracy and social and economic progress.
Bontempi (PSE). - (IT) Mr President, I believe that the launch of the European Year against Racism should receive a very favourable reception today.
Only then did we find that there was still a problem and then we signalled to the government that either we would sort out a mutual agreement or we would have to open the procedure and pursue the case further. That is all I can say.
Mr President, this text, this construct, proffers a rich menu for the multinational monopolies to gorge themselves on, and all the resolutions are like the waiters at the table, which is why I have voted against them as well.
Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Not all dinosaurs perished.
There is, of course, a reason for this.
It can urge the Member States to apply initiatives for employment which have already been successful in other countries.
Concerning enlargement, Mr President, I should like to record my grave concern about the presidency's apparent intention that negotiations on the possible future accession of Cyprus to the European Union should not go ahead
For example, there are the huge structural funds which are used to favour SMEs throughout the Union, including my constituency of Cheshire West and Wirral in England.
If a service complies with the rules of the country of origin and is still subject to other rules in the country of destination, then that constitutes a restriction to freedom of movement.
Wijsenbeek (ELDR). - (NL) Mr President, I should like to ask you whether it is conect that the Bureau has taken a decision to tum us into administrative offices instead of representatives of the people and henceforth to keep records of our mileage, train tickets, visits to the various facilities and the trips that we make.
I should personally like to say, moreover, that this report does not even refer to the most important form of nonconventional medicine: red and white wine.
Unless the Member States demonstrate a clear will to establish effective cooperation between their respective customs services there will inevitably be increased pressure for a single European customs service.
France has been working for over five years on very strict specifications to guarantee the reliability of organic farm ing products to consumers.
Bonde (I-EDN). - (DA) Mr President, there are a number of key issues on the basis of which one can assess Dublin and the Dublin document, and the first of these is openness.
I asked you whether you are considering setting up a special programme for that, a funded Community pro gramme.
The question I ask myself, therefore, is whether it may not be necessary for the Commission to identify a line of action which would enable us to achieve that objective.
It is not unusual for payment for cigarettes to be made on cash terms (i.e. in immediately liquid instruments - not credit) and arrives via intermediaries18from well-known tax havens and countries favouring bank secrecy.
The second question is: If the ferry companies' income is to be reduced by approximately 30 per cent, which probably will be the case if duty-free trade is abolished, how will this affect transport charges?
Last year, the social partners, within the framework of social dialogue, came to an agreement on a formula, which does not go as far as the Austrian formula, I agree, but which proposes a conciliation between professional life and family life, by means of parental leave, etc.
If this is not possible - and at the moment we have a disagreement with Mexico here - then these agreements should not be signed.
Though to some extent comprehensible, insofar as the case relied on untested law (the power to bring a prosecution for an offence taking place on the territory of a third country), the defects in the preparation of prosecution were serious, and potentially undennine both the willingness of customs to bring cases of this sort and the dissuasive effect of the trial on others.
Secondly: amphetamines and other synthetic drags are now being produced in Eastern Europe.
A sender wants to export several trucks of live cattle from Denmark to Hungary and asks the freight forwarder to issue a Tl document for transit through the European Community under suspension of duties.
It is now critical that the proposed financial means - and I emphasise this particularly - pass into the right hands.
What I would point out, in an attempt to move our thinking forward in this area, is that an international conference on clinical trials and ethics is to be held in Brussels on 9 and 10 September 1997.
But, at the same time, we penalize larger companies in the defence sector with over 230 employees that wish to diversify.
We cannot hide behind a fig leaf or behind economic interests which, although important, obviously cannot have priority over certain basic principles which are currently burning issues.
Words are fine and they can be written down or spoken aloud, but if the finance is not there to implement the policies, then words are just words, and we have all had occasion to witness that reality, especially where women's issues are concerned.
Why is that?
What I want to know is this: if the Council is recruiting in heland - and it ought to be able to recruit in heland for jobs in the European institutions -lias it considered how it is going to be able to recruit there if toe Irish Government says toat it will not allow age discrimination in advertise ments in its papers?
If not, why not?
I would like to add that the Press has hastened to describe Agenda 2000 as a document which will be for the coming 50 years what the Yalta agreement was for the years past.
Action programme of the customs in the EU (Customs 2000).
Question No 77 by Maartje van Putten (H-0486/97)
I hope that at least the hanian authorities will get the message that as far as humanitarian issues are concerned the European Union is always on the side of the victims.
Had it been possible to direct the vote of no confidence towards the British Government or the previous Commission, I would have voted in favour of it. As it is, I have not done so.
I sometimes have toe impression that you are in a rather protected position, because there is no vote of censure on individual Members of the Commission.
People will eventually come to appreciate that tourism is the largest employer in the whole of the Union.
This year, thanks to the initiative of this Parliament, we have also been able to set up the Daphne programme.
Any Member may ask questions related to the work of the Bureau, the Conference of Presidents and the Quaestors.
It is everyone's responsibility.
Ahlqvist, Theorin and Wibe (PSE), in writing. - (SV) We are abstaining from voting on this report because we think that the Common Agricultural Policy must undergo fundamental reforms.
The latter are very important for securing at least one definite source of income for the government once again.
I also think it positive that we obtained a decision to make sustainable energy part of the CSD's programme of work, and I call on the EU to play a leading role here.
positive initial results and to put back on the right road, from the very beginning, the new review process of the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
• to promote equal opportunities in specific areas such as education, vocational training and access to the job market;
Telecommunications and competition, p. 55 - 7.
von Habsburg (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, we are tending increasingly to become an appendix to the administration, and no longer representatives of the people.
MEPs or parties that do not want to form part of any political group sit in Parliament as 'non-attached' Members.
When a recommendation for action by a particular country has been made public, the President of the Council may be required to appear before the competent committee of Parliament.
that - in a very delicate sector which represents the very core of the criminal law in Member States.
period of polishing and desirable reflection, may lead to the approval of a treaty more adequate to the 21st Century, until a future and more profitable intergovernmental conference can be held.
I know that the European Parliament will play its part with its own activities and events and I would like to thank you, Mr President, and the Members of the House for the great support they have given to all of us in this Year and in all matters relating to the threat against freedoms posed by racism.
But, before everything starts to look too rosy of course, we have to add that, disappointingly, we did not achieve the aims we
In concrete terms this includes, for example, more staff for the PHARE programme.
It is therefore high time that we concluded this trade and cooperation agreement after years of blockade.
We believe that this is of vital importance, because the functioning of the Community Transit System can only be improved if the problem is stated in the broadest possible terms.
Because we wish to have fair competition throughout the Union, I think that each country should be obliged to provide carrier selection and carrier preselection.
The creation of depots in Central and Eastern European countries has led to a shift to a two-stage smuggling pattern with lor­ries transferring their loads to private cars at these depots for delivery mainly to Turkish networks in EU Member States.
ANNEX 2: ESTABLISHMENT PLAN
The Commission cannot accept Amendment No 11.
Momentous, in terms of its development -from the establishment of a committee of inquiry to the tabling of the first ever motion of censure on the Commission, because of toe seriousness of toe facts revealed by the inquiry.
These Conventions will faciütate the measures to combat racism and xenophobia within the European Union.
to see how we can bring this to a conclusion as efficiently and as speedily as possible.
If necessary the Union could also provide emergency aid, but I would make the point that Albania has already been receiving considerable 'aid since 1992, per head of population actually the highest amount given to any country in Central and Eastern Europe.
Europe has been totally absent from the political scene, and, although I customarily tend to be rather hard on the Commission, I must give it credit for having tried to play a positive role in this matter.
(Parliament agreed to Mrs Oomen-Ruijten's proposal) Thursday and Friday: no change.
It is only right to call for equal powers for the two arms of the legislative authority — Parliament and Council — and we are making this demand not merely to strengthen our own position but because we are convinced that codecision is one of the best means of safeguarding the interests of the public we represent.
(The sitting was suspended at 7.20 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m.)
The problems regarding fraud associated with the transit of cigarettes have been discussed for a number of years.
The Commission must not just take action against the demand, it must take action against the supply.
I would like to support some of the concepts already discussed and add some others.
This was the case, for example, of Danish freight forwarders.12These witnesses have made it clear that where the potential guarantee liability is high - as in the case of cigarettes - the costs of satellite monitoring are justified from a commercial operator's point of view.
Perhaps this would be the appropriate time to examine whether the cunent instruments, which do not provide for powers for the Court of Justice, should not be included in the future regulations.
We had an opportunity last year, when we were there, of holding discussions with President Fujimori.
Management
Van Dok-Van Weele, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) As all of you possibly know, a common position on antipersonnel mines was adopted by the Council on 1 October 1996.
I do not share this criticism, because it seems to me that social and human development is not only encouraged, but regarded as a precious personal asset in preparing for work - why else would the White Paper devote such attention to the proposed European Voluntary Service?
Our record is not brilliant and indeed the record of those who are most eloquent in favour of the adoption of common European positions is often the worst in terms of putting them into practical action, and frequently the record of those who are most critical and slowest in adopting common Euro pean positions is often the best in turning them into reality.
It is, nonetheless, very important to find out why full use has not been made of these accounts.
Carlsson (PPE). - (SV) Mr President, the Commission wishes to review the social dialogue.
Each is being assessed on its own merits, against the background of the criteria established by the 1993 Copenhagen European CouncU. .
We must tell them that transport today is a multimodal affair and that it is that we are seeking to achieve.
From the economic, ecological and social points of view it is absolutely vital that public transport should play a more prominent role.
Finally I should like to draw the Commission's attention to the fact that satellite communications and state-of-theart data communications ought to be possible throughout the territory of the Union, particularly in areas where the conventional telecommunications infrastructure is inadequate or outdated.
IN THE CHAIR: MRS SCHLEICHER Vice-President
I believe that the burden must be shared, and that a system of funding through capital taxation must be introduced.
President - We now come to the vote on topical and urgent subjects of major importance. (')
And this, because it would contribute towards a substantial reduction of the bulk of waste fuels.
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to add how pleased I am that this cooperation agreement with Macedonia has fallen on such fertile soil in this Parliament.
That is an amendment that the Commission cannot favour because the European Court of Justice has long established and repeated that the legal basis for a Community measure must be based on the objective and contents of the act.
There are enormous problems to resolve, therefore.
EUROPEAN
What is the current situation?
It is there toat toe consumer policy must be strengthened.
This is proved by the very large number of national and Community inspections that have been car ried out on French tuna fishing vessels.
The Commission has undertaken to submit an action plan for toe completion of the single market in time for the Amsterdam European Council.
As though we were making a film, we raise the clapper-board and shout 'action'.
Mrs Larive rightly states that the control measures - i.e. restrictive measures - adopted by the host country are, in principle, contrary to free movement.
My reason for tabling the amendment is because, during the first debate on the Langen report, the Commission's text called for a ban on any technical dialogue between a contracting entity and anyone who wanted to bid for the contract at a later point.
My own country has been fascinated by developments in Mediterranean policy for many centuries.
Their per-capita gross national product is about a quarter of that in the Republic of Cyprus.
And now you're trying to make me responsible for it.
At trial a number of objections to it were raised.
But you do not need a very long memory to recall the general rejection that used to be the rule as regards common policy in the area of employment policy.
I believe that education is the prime basis for employment.
Whatever happens, then - and I particularly emphasize this for the benefit of members of the Socialist Group, though Mr Rehder has unfortunately left - we must adhere to the instrument of cyclical and, especially, volun tary set-aside.
At the same time we should not underestimate the potential benefits of this discovery for human health.
Basically, ladies and gentlemen, the issue is one of transferring the principle of the financial conections of the accounts of the ÈAGGF Guarantee Section, which has been in force for many years now, to other sectors of the Community budget.
Political risks are regarded as arising from the banning of foreign currency transfers, compulsory payments, wars and internal unrest.
Indeed, the European Parliament is not a parliament which enjoys limitless sovereignty.
There is a tension between these two elements which must be carefully balanced.
♦ industries and companies as defined in the glossary;
We say this, but we must also not forget that the whole purpose of the construction of Europe was to bring greater prosperity and peace.
The Maastricht criteria is the business of the Member States.
Whenever money is to be earned by circumventing the law, crime cannot be far away.
Animal welfare provisions must be incorporated in these agreements. ·
The infantry mine, however, when used responsibly, offers an extra dimension to security, which cannot be compared, for example, with the situation concerning mines in former Yugoslavia.
Katiforis (PSE). - (EL) Commissioner, concerning the persistence with the guidelines on reducing inflation even further, when you accept that it is already down to 2 %, I will read you a comment in your own language from today's Le Monde:
The Commission is therefore obliged to ensure that these principles are respected.
Her message was absolutely crystal clear: End investment in Burma; impose sanctions.
The reactors in service include some that western experts consider to be intrinsically unsafe and others that require technological improvements if they are to meet adequate safety standards.
(Mixed reactions)
I should just like you to establish the reason for that, if you please.
This really is about self-help practice by the Euro pean Parliament.
Thirdly, the promotion of employment technological modernization, equality of opportunity and the envhonment must remain priorities of the new Structural Funds.
Time forbids me from answering the other points that he raised.
If the European Union had to give up these agreements tomonow, the place left vacant by the Community fleet would very soon be taken by competing fleets, in particular those from Asia.
• The Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance have jurisdiction to ensure the proper interpretation and application of Community law by the Member states and by the institutions.
These included:
Its opinion shall relateto the text referred to it.
For that reason the Commission cannot accept the wording of Amendments 3, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11, 22, 24 and 25, which basically relate to toe introduction of a compulsory labelling system, for if we accept the compulsory system these amendments will have to be revised.
I would like to thank once again both the Commission and the rapporteur for the excellent work which they have done to date.
(CCC), dating from 19921
Ladies and gentlemen, if you do not respect the work of Parliament, I shall be forced to remove you.
It is not a question of whether a country is an ACP country or not, but of whether a Member States has specific interests.
By developing an overall strategy for Transcaucasia the European Union will make an active contribution to supporting the countries in this region and helping them to consolidate theh political structures.
Complaints have been held inadmissible under Art 1 (3) of the Statute (the Ombudsman may not intervene in cases before courts, or question the soundness of a court's ruling) in the following circumstances:
So why should we not all begin together?
Report (A4-0162/97) by Mr Tindemans, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and De fence Policy, on the formulation of perspectives for the common security policy of the European Union
The Commission offered logistic support including Commission premises to organize the conference.
I also support the use of EU budget and Structural Fund and Cohesion Fund resources for direct environmental protection measures because employment and the environ­ment are often seen as being in conflict with each other, but this is actually a misconception.
Bangemann, Member of the Commission. - (DE) Mr President, I am pleased that we agree with ParUament on almost all the major issues relating to cooperation with the world's emerging economies in our research and develop ment policy projects.
But the counterbalance to this expansion of powers, the express inclusion of the subsidi­arity principle in the Treaties by Article 3b now seems set to become a dead letter.
A study carried out by the European Commission shows, for example, that an incident of a 40-year old manager dying in a road accident could result in damages of 650, 000 ECU, whereas his or her death in an air crash would lead to compensation of 30 times less than that.
0 First prize for singing in the first and second Greek Song Festival (1959, 1960); first prize, Mediterranean Festival, Barcelona (1960). Chevalier des arts et des lettres, France.
This principle is set out in the Treaty and is to be developed in detail by the institutions in codecision.
0 Member of the Executive of the Green Party.
Transport within the EU is of fundamental importance for the Community and must be regarded as one of the basic pillars of integrated trade.
However, the control system has not adjusted to the increased flow of goods through the Community and applicant countries.
A sudden event, caused by external circumstances which took place in connection with work.
The cut is there, if I am not mistaken, and it is there to ensure a balanced budget for 1998. And after listening to the Minister-in-Office of the Council, I feel moved to say this: Commissioner Fischler, if this is all a smokescreen, be good enough to say so honestly.
Recent reports from Belgrade seem to indicate that Mr Milosevic is gradually starting to listen to what people are saying, particularly the demonstrators.
For instance, we need to reduce the Union's decisionmaking procedures to three and we want to see that happen.
You have highlighted two important points in your report which could also be applied to other States.
With regard to Honduras, I would remind you that the Honduras army is in multinational hands, and that when the Honduras tax authorities wish to levy taxes on a crate of bananas, they are forbidden to do so.
On behalf of toe Budget Control Committee I would urge toe Commission to bring forward legislation to give us further assurances in relation to toe spending of .this money.
My report to Parliament here today will refer back to those four themes.
Debates of the European Parliament
Bonino, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President ladies and gentlemen, I shall be fairly brief.
The President of the Commission will present these proposals to Parliament on 16 July.
Co-author of several books, the latest being 'Mer eller mindre union?'; author of two books on the environment and regional planning.
Vallvé (ELDR), draftsman of the opinion of the Commit tee on Agriculture and Rural Development. - (ES) Madam President, Madam Commissioner, I should like to begin my speech by mentioning that there are very few people present in the House when we are in fact discussing 34 % of the Community budget, which is intended for the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund and in this case we are dealing with the 1995 financial year.
After that, everyone can make up their own minds, but under no circumstances can I deny the right to speak to one our colleagues who is defending himself from an accusation, and I shall not do so.
With the current Tomlinson package, we are still more than ECU 4 million above the group chairmen's recommendation of 1988 that Parliament's budget should not exceed 20 % of total administrative expenditure.
2.10.97 of the commitments the Union has made to 70 ACP countries.
Applicants will receive an acknowledgement application registration number.
I hope now that, during the tendering process for this plan, we wUl make good use of the fact that by including these aspects early on in the purchase negotiations we can adapt this technology at reasonable cost for use by the handicapped. capped.
The European Council called on the Council and Commission to implement the measures agreed by the Council during toe Irish presidency in an ongoing manner and to consult about the further measures required.
What I mean is this: the Council's attitude towards the entitlements of officials has, to put it mildly, been hostile, and it has on a number of occasions proposed substantial cuts.
Whoever does that must not be surprised if he has to rescind the new cloning ban within a short time for the very same reasons that have been advanced in support of the directive.
• With regard to the environment, the action of the EP has led to an amendment of the directive on assessment of the environmental impact of public and private projects to ensure better monitoring of these projects by Community authorities.
In this respect I should say that, at this moment of truth, which reminds me slightly of a certain type of Spanish or Portuguese spectacle, there is a whiff of adrenalin, as some people seem to be afraid of others.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights has given its support to this proposal, as have toe votes of my group.
Preliminary remarks The return copy procedure Fraud by third parties Current forms of fraud Less frequent checks
This was sold when he was not looking.
Such cooperation extends in principle to all areas of international policy impinging on the interests of the European Union, and represents a natural extension of Community activity.
In October 1995, the Stockholm office of a large international firm of freight forwarders shipped a consignment of cobalt to the Netherlands from a customs warehouse in Stockholm freeport.
And we want to see these dealt with by qualified majority voting and codecision and not by unanimity which I suspect we may see, certainly on the anti-discrimination clause.
Answer
Question itimation of the costs and benefits of occupational safety and health measures a major topic at the moment?
We would soon strike rich then.
Now I come to the report by my friend Karsten Hoppenstedt. I think, Mr President, that I can once again take toe opportunity to talk until we come to the vote, unless you want to have a break.
set ourselves.
■ an independent national Central Bank.
I think that the Voluntary Service should be targeted on long-term projects so that the experience is sufficiently impressive and lasting.
Does the office of the European Ombudsman have sufficient powers, given that it is weaker than its original counterpart, established in Sweden in 1809?
At the very last minute we were told 'Oh yes, you were quite entitled to be consulted, it is a joint responsibility for the Parliament'.
Regulations on driving time and rest periods are important, because of the number of serious coach and lorry accidents caused by driver fatigue.
Wijsenbeek (ELDR). - Madam President, I wish to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on his report and also the Commissioner, because with New Labour he is going to have a new colour in his kitchen, which I am sure will be a very pale shade of pink!
So rife has fraud become in the transit system that Member States' customs services no longer have the collective capacity to handle them.
Article 2 of the Directive also affects certain plant products.
This is an important subject, however, and we should look further at it, in discussions in the Council.
And this is where very little happens in practice.
Helmut Kohl has been doing that, and for many years.
This is really serious.
TOTALS 20,204 ♦including 80,128 pages of translated trade marks
The European Parliament
AU suppüers must be obüged to provide finance for public services.
Caudron (PSE), in writing. - (FR) A vote of censure against the European Commission is a serious act, and we should admit that it may not be the best way of dealing with this situation.
Pettinari (GUE/NGL). - (FT) Madam President, in my view the compromise reached is, at this point, the only instrument that could put an end to the violence.
A Commission regulation on the review will be adopted in due course.
Patijn, President-in-Offlce of the Council. - (NL) Mr Camisón Asensio's question refers to the route of the future rail links between Madrid and Lisbon.
I am disappointed that the Intergovernmental Conference which is now drawing to a close wüT not be making any changes to the status of sport in Union legislation.
Fassa (ELDR). ­ (IT) Madam President, this motion for a resolution may not really be urgent in the technical sense.
I am sure that history will hold them responsible.
The Member States so far have little or no experience of offences perpetrated through the Internet but it is clear that material which is illegal outside the Internet should also be illegal when the material is on the Internet.
Just because I did not list all the crimes that were perpetrated there.
♦ introduction of multi­level education systems (short cycle Bachelor degree courses / Master degree courses);
He said that Europe would not be achieved in one go or in the construction of a whole, but by practical achievements creating de facto solidarity.
proper parliament at all.
The report is divided into four volumes:
In view of the good take­up rate for these appropriations and the importance of these operations, the possibility of requesting an increase is currendy being examined by the Greek authorities.
We are asking for the budgetary authority to increase funding and the Commission to undertake research and pilot programmes and to mainstream education and training in Community programmes.
The Commission provided for this by creating a group of advisers who have given their opinions.
Recommendation for second reading by Mr Belleré, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of the eighth European Parliament and Council Directive on summertime arrange ments (C4-0169/97-96/0082(COD))
President. - Mr Fabre-Aubrespy, under Rule 96(2), that you refened to, a proposal has to have been rejected in order not to be tabled again.
') Membership of Parliament - Membership of committees - Written declarations - Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting - Dates for next sittings: cf. Minutes.
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The same applies to other minority languages in the EU.
This analysis is not yet complete.
It is the strong desire of this House that such a European aviation authority will have real teeth and should not be over-bureaucratic in nature.
The Netherlands, Denmark and Austria, among others, did not pay their share of the compensation.
The starting-point for the crisis was the introduction of a new method of manufacturing meatandbone meal from animal remains, the socalled Carver-Greenfield process.
Yours sincerely,
At any rate I am sure we wUl keep coming back to this situation because of the Importance of Kenya and because of the importance of that country to the region as a whole.
In a context of zero ' staff growth at the institution, we must continue to recruit young staff so that the institution's staff does not age excessively.
What kind of persons have typically been involved in the incidents of fraud which the Danish Freight Forwarders Association has so far come across (e.g. transport firms, individual drivers, import/export firms, customs officers, organised crime...)?
Point 16 of the report proposal also proposes that the European Parliament establish a 'committee of economic advisers'.
I am, therefore, against nuclear power practised in this way without any nuance.
This is of course a theoretical thing which brings a welcome degree of simplification and clarification to our Community law and in practical terms broadens people's opportunities for exercising their profession and promotes occupational mobility as well.
The Sturdy report also referred to this issue and pointed out more or less the way in which such a decision ought to be taken. And I thought that the Goepel resolution that you are going to debate on Thursday insisted on a rapid decisionmaking process.
0 Former international secretary of the PvdA.
The closure of Chernobyl was negotiated in the context of the G7 and not in the context of the EBRD/NSA.
I should like, however, to make my position on this matter quite clear.
What do you mean by restraint?
The Committee on External Economic Relations would not have had any difficulty, at its meeting in May, in drawing up a report, and submitting it today.
Such motions shall be printed,distributed and referred to the appropriate committee.They shall be adopted only if they secure the votes of a majority of the componentMembers of Parliament.
We think this is too late and have urged them to consider an earlier date, and my answer to Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz is that we must try everything we can.
If we want to have growth and stability in the European Union, we have to boost investment.
We cannot make progress if we have the feeling, that these people are getting away with it and our public opinion will not accept that.
Difference
The Management Board of the Centre met twice in 1996.
In the Union's view, this partnership constitutes a longterm commitment - as it says in the agreement - to bring together the people of the European Union and Georgia in the course of the generation to come.
The proposal for a decision relates to authorizations for Member States to apply a number excise duty reductions and exemptions until 31 December 1998 and to the abolition of a number of other excise duty reductions and exemptions with effect from 31 December 1996.
The human rights situation in China has clearly worsened during the last year and the EU, despite this fact, has failed to back a draft resolution on the human rights situation in China at the 53rd UN Human Rights Commission in Geneva, thus leaving the EU without a common policy on China for the first time since the massacres on Tianenmen Square in 1989.
It is for the Commission to. ensure, the implementation of Community law. it is also for the Petitions Committee of this Parliament to deal with this matter and to urge the Commission to take action.
In its communication, the Commission relays this offensive, wishing to place social protection in the context of European competition.
Ahlqvist, Lööw, Theorin and Wibe (PSE), in writing. -(SV) We think that the Member States themselves, for democratic reasons, should have the right to set their own taxes and that the principles of unanimous voting should continue to be used for the consideration of issues by the Council.
Hatzidakis (PPE), rapporteur. - (EL) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the report that I am privileged to present to you today deals with Community cohesion policy and the environment.
Finally, I should like to emphasize the fact that, in my opinion, with the development of information systems neither the cost nor operational difficulties are going to be very significant and, therefore, it is important that this should be brought into effect as quickly as possible.
Ironically and strangely, this was the responsibility not of the Scottish arm of the British Government but of the English ministry.
0 Information technology
General contents
It is vital that the infrastructures, the decentralisation resources and close and decisive cooperation with the local authorities should be made a priority, as this is the only realistic approach to lead to a genuine translation of Community legislation and its enactment.
Not only that, but the fact that the war crimes tribunal which symbolizes the world's conscience no longer has any criminals to try is an insult to our attempts to establish the rule of law and to protect civilized values.
It will come as no surprise to the Commissioner that the UK is already putting increasing emphasis on the need for pricing structures in transport to reflect full costs including environmental costs.
Because our main objective is the definitive consotidation of the Barcelona process. . "
The action programme for the elderly expired in 1996.
This is still in operation, but the conflict between our interests and theirs is becoming increasingly obvious.
We consider that at this stage it would be premature to take any position on the question of the reform of Union structural policies, which moreover only make up one element of this package.
This network is interesting in that it transpired in the working groups set up in the meantime that people got together round a table and were able, on the subject of waste for example, to air real questions of fraud and unethical practices.
Question Time (Commission) - Question 32 (Izquierdo Collado): Suspension of the LEADER programme Fischler (Commission), Izquierdo Collado, Fischler, Redondo Jiménez, Fischler. . - Question 33 (Banotti): Abolition of dutyfree sales
Normandia) which were sunounded in the initial project and to respect the rights of the indigenous population for whom a per capita area of over one thousand hectares is reserved.
In particular, more progress is needed on achieving fair international trade.
What we are proposing here in the Tillich report is an invitation to the Council of Finance Ministers to comply with its own stipulations.
Malone (PSE). - Madam President, I wish to congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent report on this public health issue.
Titley (PSE), in writing. - I am happy to support this report today.
Fluctuations in exchange rates add a further hazard in terms of forward planning.
For example, the authorities of the exporting Member State must ensure that no animal shall be transported unless it is fit for the particular journey involved and suitable provisions have been made for its care during the journey and in case of exports on arrival at the place of destination.
It is also a sustainable form of production.
It is honourable work for a parliamentarian to have produced.
Former member, Eastern Health Board.
We also hope that any proposals you may have to improve the Community Transit System will take account of our suggestions.
Several whale species are threatened with extinction
I am pleased that in the discussion in committee, the report's security policy aspect broadened and became more diverse.
No precise amount has been proposed so far, nor any differentiation according to Member States.
It is quite obvious to everyone, I would think, that we are in no position to talk about coherent and effective foreign policy at the present time.
0 Special adviser in the office of the Minister for the Interior (1986-1988).
3 yes yes
Every day incidents take place often leading to death.
The question of further extension of the Community/Common Transit system is of concern, and arises in connection with possible future enlargements of the EU, particularly in the case of Cyprus.
♦ contribution to the dissemination of best outputs;
• Committee on Budgetary Control; • Committee on Institutional Affairs; • Committee on Fisheries;
Director-General Directorate-General I
We think that we must set a specific date as a target by which time aid will have been completely abolished.
There are amendments to protect low-income consumers and I welcome the Commission's own ideas on flexible payment schemes.
Editor of 'Patto sociale'.
The EU regulation on organic farming must not become a battleground for ideological extremes, but must provide a sensible legal framework.
Your proposal for agriculture, coupled with the Commission's, puts us - and will put us - in serious difficulties before the 1999 international negotiations.
At toe time, the Commission published many different, helpful studies, and ParUament unanimously approved the Fayot-Chanterie report, which incorporated the recommendations of the Senior Citizens' Parliament.
In this light any attempt to use this issue to create controversy within the WTO overlooks our honourable efforts and jeopardizes the steady progress on international trade and the environment which we all hope for and which would almost certainly lead to self-inflicted defeat and loss of credibility of the EU within the multilateral disputes settlement procedures, if we follow another route.
What conclusions should we draw? First, that the principle of safety first was not applied, that there was a total lack of transparency regarding the activities of the experts, and finally that there was an equally total lack of consumer information.
Administrative inspector at the Ministry of the Interior (1973-1986).
It seems better, then, to implement a flexible but effective procedure.
In my letter to Members calling for their vote, I have made a number of proposals and suggestions, especially with respect to the need to facilitate contact with our voters, to recover a greater margin of expression for Members and to make our debates more lively.
I have also been informed that there is the same risk of 'flags of convenience' in the road haulage business to the advantage of countries with lighter taxation.
Moreover, political fife in Azerbaijan is still marked by clan structures.
So far only Great Britain and Denmark have ratified the Europol Convention and only Great Britain has ratified the Extradition Convention.
Mr Tindemans' report and his proposals offer us a dynamic conception of security.
Filippi (PPE). - (FT) Madam President, Mr Klass has expressed my group's position and I do not want to repeat what he has said.
The assessment of impact occurs throughout the world and the way ahead is to allow the kind of flexibility which brings about competitive strengths for business and fairness in the workplace.
If we conclude an agreement with China, then of course we must not forget about human rights.
That must never be allowed to happen again.
Bonino. - Firstíy, I would remind you that inspection is the responsibility of Member States.
Filippi promote access to innovation and to Community policies for small and mediumsized firms.
You were very defensive today.
As you know, they are 70 % completed but the work has been stopped for some years.
Debates of the European Parliament
Bontempi (PSE). - (IT) Mr President, I, too, have greatly appreciated Mr Podestà's report tnd agree with the com ments concerning Objective 2, re-industrialization, which I should like to address for a moment.
* occupational diseases fund is aimed at curative care and compensation * compensation is paid and the costs of treatment are reimbursed if one can prove that exposure occurred; if not on the list, victim must prove that disease stems from job
In any event, the Council has no competence to intervene in the activities of the IGC.
Detailed provisions governing the exercise of the European Parliament's right of inquiry
We have to hope that the experience over the past years with the Budget Council will now cease and that we will get a genuine dialogue in its place this time with the Ecofin Council.
In addition, guidance has been produced at European level to help disabled students undertake study periods abroad.
I put it to you that you are now trying to alter something which was approved by Parliament only a few months ago, when the transfer of the current directive has not yet come into force in any country.
, Montenegro, and
OPTIONS FOR REFORM (V) - LEGAL SYSTEMS AND PROSECUTION 15.1.
I was pleased they were able to do so - we sent them an advance copy and they looked through it in detail and, of course, were highly critical of certain aspects.
Debates of the European Parliament
The following excerpt is quoted in full because it is so apposite in illustrating not only the legal difficulties, but also the outside world's view of the transit system and, in consequence, one of the main reasons the present report is being drawn up.
We supported the resolution caUing on toe Commission to take speedy and effective measures to prevent the spread of BSE.
(1958-1997) Presidents
The agreement keeps open essential questions: the timing and method for switching to the final phase.
We have now reached the stage of implementation.
We are meeting our obligations under the international convention, in which all Member States of the European Union and the Union itself have pledged themselves to grant patent protection for products and processes in all areas of technology.
♦ include the introduction of new information technology methods
Debates of the European Parliament
There is a protocol to the Amsterdam Treaty contain ing a sole article whose purpose is to regulate and restrict the right of nationals of EU Member States to have applications for asylum considered in a Member State other than that of which they are a national.
Parliament, however, certainly did issue warnings, Mrs Wemheuer! And for years the mounting losses were ignored.
It is also clear that security affects living conditions, employment, public health, the fight against poverty and unemployment, and so on.
So that shows it up in a different tight.
We should not accept this kind of treatment!
For example, over seventy percent of Finnish waters suffer from eutrophication due to agriculture.
It would be nice if, at least occasionally, we were to honour toe legal principle of audiatur et altera pars, instead of blaming everything on the Croats, which is what always happens here.
But unless we are very careful, it will very quickly be eroded and I have already heard some disturbing statements made.
Explanations of vote
We therefore welcome the creation of a group of experts from both sides of industry which will identify by means of a comparative study the legal and actual situation in the EU countries on information, consultation, participation and codetermination.
Votes
This is true of France, amongst others, which may damage certain countries with this ban. in particular it will be prejudicial to the transit of Spanish goods.
For the SME world, that means added value that is not to be underestimated.
In spite of all this - I shall soon be finished - I shall be voting in favour of this directive, in the conviction that it is a step that has to be taken and that we still have a great deal of time left in which to improve it.
also relating to education, apprenticeship, and excessive welfare costs which weigh on the lowest paid, particularly in the labour-intensive industries.
It is simply amazing that Europe can reach agreement on a common monetary policy and a common economic poUcy, and even implement them, but cannot agree on something like leaving the awarding of satellite frequencies to a European institution.
Leopardi (UPE). - (LT) Mr President, Mr Commissioner, we are naturally delighted at the entry into force, on 15 March last, of Regulation No 258/97 on novel foods and novel food ingredients introducing new provisions cover-
Question No 18 by Alexandres Alavanos (H-0349/97) Subject: Rights of succession of Greek citizens in Istanbul
The car park could now be regarded as a Croat area.
If such treatment could assure that the products do not present a microbiological hazard for public health, then the Commission will propose to amend the Decision 97/334 to introduce a derogation for fresh, frozen products in the conditions described.
0 Member of the Executive of the Venstre (Liberal) Party (1972).
The challenge for companies now is increasingly to ‘internationalise’and take advantage of the global market place.
You, the Commission, have already made your contribution today.
To end, I would simply like you to allow me to mention the last comment by Mr Cassidy.
Mayor of Banbury (1970).
President. - Ladies and gentlemen, before we continue with the debate, I wish to inform you that I have received a motion for a resolution tabled under paragraph 5 of article 40 of the Rules of Procedure. (')
Lastly, section Β of the Annex is concerned with quantifying the level of fraud within the transit scheme, although it should be stressed that the figures quoted are only estimates, given the nature of the activity.
Mr Pinto of UCLAF, testifying before the Committee on 30 September 1996, said the following:
However, the Commission is always willing to assist the progress of activities which are primarily a matter for the Member States.
The historic nature of this task calls on us, I think, to refrain from taking a grocer-shop approach to the cost of that enlargement.
But quite apart from employment, housing also represents comfort and a focal point for the principal nucleus of society - the family.
Thus to each level of risk there correspond conditions of containment and experimental practices that depend on both the type of organism and the mode of use.
The Commission's proposal to impose specific sanctions · against Burma is entirely new in its way and weU worth supporting - and we give them our fuU support.
Secondly, despite the short time available to you, please speak slowly because otherwise the already difficult work of interpretation is made even harder.
Sittings of 1 and 2 October in Brussels (No change) (The order of business was adopted as amended) (')
(European Parliament resolution: 01C 325, 24.12.1990) web of interdependent m
As regards the second objective - providing the Union with the means suitable for a more effective foreign policy, we think there was too little political willpower on common foreign and security policy and we would men tion trade policy, where Article 113 dealing with trade policy became totally bogged down.
In cases where, thanks to a UCLAF seminar or the like, two prosecutors happen to know each other, they may be able to short-circuit the official system and work effectively while
I would like to thank all those colleagues who helped with this report, especially in the Environment and the Social Affairs Committees who have contributed views specifically to it, but I would also like to single out the work of Lyndon Harrison who has helped me enormously with this report and in whose footsteps I am treading in this line of work.
President. - Ladies and gentlemen, once again I have had toe agreeable duty of chairing toese exemplary Friday sittings.
My intention is to restore the dynamism of the single market with specific, priority proposals de signed to make good all the existing shortcomings.
The Council is urging him - and will continue to do so - to stand by this promise and provide the humanitarian organizations with all the help they need in carrying out their tasks.
Conspiracy to contravene Section 167(1) of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979, contrary to section 1 of the Criminal Law Act 1977.
Parliament's report does not take into account or give credit to the substantive improvements which are being negotiated.
There is a great deal in this report, so much that in the allotted time I am going to find it difficult to pick out the real points.
I am sorry to do this, but we shall have to suspend the debate at this point and resume at 6 p.m.
Kok hope that the legislative proposals relating to it will be adopted without difficulty.
Costa Neves (ELDR). - Madam President, Madam Com missioner, I fully share the concern of the European Parliament in stressing that in the resolution under discussion on the Cohesion Fund ought, since greater regional internal disparities have been noted within the beneficiary Member States, to include an analysis of the possible impact of implementation of the Cohesion Fund on the said disparities within the field of the Commission's assessment of the socio-economic impact.
Rule 115Order of voting on amendments
We did not make provision for sanctions in our approach when we began the process of economic and monetary union.
How ever, it is essential to acknowledge the special and independent nature of the sports movement, and a start could be made by including an explicit reference to sport in Article 128 of the EU Treaty.
Companies themselves could also take action, of course.
The shipment should not take place under any circumstances!
Answer The Commission is aware of the situation which the honourable Member has described.
Since then we have come a remarkable way down that new path, and the achievements have exceeded all expectations.
The European Union and the Federal German Republic have certainly used the Euro pean structural fund resources successfully to improve the situation in the Objective 1 regions in the new Federal Länder and the Objective 2 and 5b regions in the old Federal Länder, although unfortunately there were considerable delays in the latter case, Commissioner.
Thirdly, violence against women should be universally regarded as unacceptable.
It is time to move from declarations, from statements, to action.
I commend aU Members of the House to read at least volume 1 and, if that is too much, certainly chapters 1 and 17 of volume 1 - the executive summary and the recommendations - so that they know clearly what is being said in their name.
Neyts-Uyttebroeck report (A4-0179/97)
There is now the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which has developed ways of breaching walls so that threats are no longer necessary.
This case is dragging on too long and I will have to propose to the Commission to open the procedure.
Quite the reverse: as in the case of genetically modified organisms, what is needed is obligatory labelling specifying that the meat has been treated with hormones.
Between 1 January 1994 and 1997, the number of women at Al and A2 level, the highest levels we have in the Commission services, more than tripled from 5 to 18.
The amendments that you have requested in the commit tee procedure - Amendments Nos 5, 6, 14 and 15 - refer primarily to the publication of discussions within commit tees.
Anti-Semitism is encompassed in the general framework of the Year and the subject will be dealt with appropriately.
Optical cards can easily be linked up to any computer and may be combined with other types of card.
As far as social matters are concerned we have to emphasise the fact that in the last twenty years we have seen significant changes to family structures, which have
I would like to hope, or rather I am sure, that the Commission and the Council will promise to honour their obligations due to us.
0 Member of the Bundestag (1972-1980); Chairwoman of the Bundestag Committee of Inquiry on Women and Society (1977-1980); Vice-Chairwoman of the Federal Committee on Youth, Family and Health.
You said rather smugly that the European Union has decided to spend 3 million ECU on this campaign.
The second is that there is more than the perspective of the consumer; there is also,
Bangemann, Member of the Commission. - (DE) Mr President, I should like to comment on the reports by Mr van Velzen and by my friend Mr Herman.
Mr Commissioner, if this is true, then it undermines the whole of the poücy that we are attempting, slowly and with great difficulty, to con struct in order to reestabUsh consumer confidence.
Oreja Aguirre, Member of the Commission. - (ES) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to thank Mrs Palacio for her dedication, with the skills for which she is known, to the Commission's work on the application of the subsidiarity principle.
How are the judges chosen?
That is why we welcome all the report's proposals that are designed to ensure genuine autonomous regional development in these areas and ask the rapporteur to accept our amendments which are aimed at eliminating single crops in these areas and which support his proposals to that end.
We know how combined thermo-electric power can be used and we know about the potential of renewable energy sources.
You have the floor, Mr Mierlo, President-in-Office of the Council.
However, as a Spaniard and a Galician in particular, I must mention a matter which has cast a shadow over our relations - namely, fishing.
A number of measures aimed at allowing customs services to function in a more uniform and more consistent manner, should be taken.
I can tell you that the Council of Ministers fully agrees with you over the tragedy of this massive loss of life and it also agrees with the Commission's proposal. In our view we should neglect no possible way of preventing these accidents.
The aim of this proposal is to increase the financial amount for executing the abovementioned programme by 50 million ECU.
At the same time teaching staff must be trained and informed so that the new technological instruments are introduced into teaching practices.
The European Parliament adopts the Union's budget each year, usually in December.
We have explained to the Chilean authorities that the fact of opening a panel does not necessarily create a political problem or create a problem of diplomatic or other understanding.
Much criticism of customs' failure adequately to investigate and punish fraud was therefore voiced.
People's concerns over noise pollution, as we approach the third millennium, as shown by the latest surveys published by the Euro-barometer, are on the increase.
They vote on texts drawn up either by rapporteurs on behalf of a committee or by a number of Members in their own name or on behalf of a political group.
The importance of sport has hitherto been totaUy underestimated in the EU; on the rare occasions it is ever men tioned, it is considered as a purely economic factor.
Those who bid for EU.funding know that money is limited.
We are now in the process of negotiation and we hope that this very strong resolution will also help resolve the difficulties facing other workers in Europe.
The Council has no knowledge of a recommendation by the UK Foreign Office concerning British tourists intending to travel to Greece.
Debates of the European Parliament
As for Turkey, there as in all the other countries, the European Union insists that a prerequisite for the operation and funding of those reactors must be to secure the highest possible safety stand ards.
The Commission understands the desire of the island regions to enjoy the benefits of a consistent approach; in the Commission's view, their specific nature should be pointed out to the Community legislator whenever necessary.
Swoboda (PSE). - (DE) Madam President, Mr President of the Council, Commissioner, I cannot but endorse your appeal for support in your endeavours, at least on behalf of my own group, although I am sure I speak for every other group too.
50 completed,sign the act together with the President of the Council and arrange itspublicationin the OfficialJournalof the European Communities.
For example in Finland the EU funding is being channelled through the state budget.
It will lessen the probability of errors being made.
Question n extent do investment subsidies exist to promote the development, sale or purchase of safe and healthy products, production methods, work organisation, machines, etc?
Someone else referred to the idea of a pact with the citizens, and that is a phrase that I like and I am particularly sensitive to it.
It goes without saying, moreover, that to the Council's way of thinking all individuals who have the nationality of one of the Member States of the Union must enjoy the same rights and freedoms.
That faces us with the question: what now? We have several options.
In order to take account of this fact and the many and varied viewpoints and concerns manifested on this subject, the Commission will present a proposal to the committee concerned to remove the subspecies from Annex 1 to Council Directive 79/409 on the Conservation of.
Of course we must adopt Mr Fabra Valles's report which, as he says himself, is a textbook case.
Fischbach, President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, I seek the floor very briefly, and do so first to thank Mr Samland and the two rapporteurs, Mr Tillich and Mr Tomlinson, who have spoken in this debate.
I am not sure if this is because, just a few days ago, President Clinton thanked the Union for the position that it has adopted - in exchange, of course, for suspend ing application of, but not annulling, the unacceptable Helms-Burton Act.
In spite of all the challenges that small enterprises
That evolution has been important.
I hope that when we are in a position to submit the report that we are preparing on illegal and harmful content, toe House will have an opportunity of saying more on these issues, in particular self-monitoring, liability, filter technology, evaluation systems, etc.
We may therefore hope that the Luxembourg presidency, which is extremely sensitive to the problem, will be able to arrive at the common position at the meeting of the 'Internal Market' Council on 27 November next.
Diploma in environmental engineering.
It is not, then, a question of evaluating the activities carried out by all the specific cultural programmes, but of seeing how far Community policy takes account of cultural aspects in its action in the name of other arrangements.
Each country must maintain sovereignty over its own education system.
I said the other day that I would rather be a Member of Parliament than a diplomat for last year in Geneva I saw how hard European diplomacy struggled to get precisely this human rights resolution on the agenda, which of course it has not managed this year because of its lack of unity.
But one should make quite clear to them that we would defend them against this threat from Iran, that we would support them, and that we would do everything possible to ensure that greater free dom is created in Bahrain, but that, in God's name, internal order there should not now be destroyed.
It should also be pointed out that the number of procedures has been cut to three, i.e. opinion, codecision and consultation.
Sitting of Thursday, 18 September 1997
The undemocratic way in which Schengen came about and the undemocratic way in which it operates have often been criticized in this Parliament.
This distortion of the market prevents the full benefits of liberalisation of ah transport being achieved.
The TIR Carnets were obtained in the UK from Freight Transport Association (FTA).
I regret I shall be unable to hear the Commissioner's reply, for which I apologise; I shall be very interested to read it in the verbatim report.
In so doing, Mr President, ladies and gentiemen, the Council very clearly expressed its determination to give preference to these two major policies, and to these two major lines of Community action directly influencing growth and hence employment.
HAV/AYB96.61e 30 September 1996
ensure that the treaties are observed, draft European's 'laws' and administer European policies.
We are particularly sensitive to the Commission's concern and those of this report to repair the damage to the envhonment by fighting mass pollution and managing the difficult problem of nuclear power stations.
The third reason why this agreement does not satisfy us is because, after 30 years of policies of this type, we have not made one jot of progress in the promotion of freedom, democracy and the respect of human rights, as the Euro pean Parliament demands in the case of Cuba.
Reply: The Danish Freight Forwarders Association is not aware of any instances there the seal has been broken.
Some do, but not all.
I believe that this military government must be made to see that it will not make any progress in Cambodia if it continues to use force.
I would urge the Commission to take on board the fact that we need a new approach to stock assessment and quota setting.
It should be mentioned that in Sweden we are talking about approximately 5, 000 jobs, primarily on the ferries, that will be lost. For the Community this must be closer to 10, 20 or 30 times more, in addition to the indirect effects of freight becoming more expensive.
This evidence, documented during the 1996 European Year of Lifelong Learning, and the results of the very wide consultations carried out on the White Paper, strongly suggest the need for further action.
sion we get is that the negotiations have not yet produced any outcome, three months before they finaUy come to an end.
They concern recitals 16a and 16e and Article 3.
We were in favour of removing all military forces from eastern Zaire, of maintaining the territorial integrity of the countries involved, of deploying a multinational intervention force, of holding an international conference of the countries around the Great Lakes, of defending human rights, of preparing for serious elections in Zaire as a first practical move towards democratization, and of humanitarian aid.
I learned at an early age that it may sometimes be necessary to kill the message without shooting the messenger.
The directive is the result of agreement between the democratically elected European Parliament and the overwhelming majority of democratically elected Member State governments in the European Council of Ministers.
Between 1990 and 1996, the number of vehicle
We cannot make distinctions on the basis of there being few rural areas here and more urban areas there, etc.
The options for setting up the Euro-Mediterranean free trade area scheduled for 2010 are to be studied in closer detail, and in the meantime work is to be done on making reciprocal trade easier and encouraging investment.
These are the normal conditions.
I have studied all the statistical surveys of nineteenth century American public finance and European public finance and I have never come across a balanced budget.
President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following three reports:
Graenitz (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, Madam Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, smuggling occurs when it brings in a lot of money.
The scale of fraud demonstrates that illegal transactions are no longer isolated cases.
In many cases, liberalization, deregulation and EU harmonization appear to be the major issues, which I cannot agree with.
If Europe wishes to maintain its position on the world market and its social model, then we must stop running away from reality.
European Union House 43 Molesworth Street Dublin 2 Ireland
If you have access to the Internet, the form can be downloaded from http://www.europarl.eu.int.
Joint motion for a resolution (*) on the situation in Turkey and northern Iraq
We must change over quickly to sustainable sources so that the generations to come will not be faced with a crisis.
» no specific methodology exists k» no specific methodology exists
Pages 16/17
NON-CONTINENTAL AND OVERSEAS TERRITORIES OE MEMBER STATES
The Commission is particular concerned to see that the interests of the bananaproducing regions of the European Union and the ACP group continue to be taken into account.
The French people could no longer decide for themselves their own policy in that area, and the parties could simply delete the 'immigration' chapter from their manifestos, with a view to national general elections.
For this reason the Commission does not consider this Agreement to be contrary to the ethos normally expected of scientists nor contrary to democratic pluralist values.
That is the political decision before us.
President. - The debate is closed.
Recommendation 13:
Once again, let me thank Mrs Lalumière for pointing the way!
Our group is opposed in principle to the possibility of transferring ACP quotas to other producers, especially since the definition of 'exceptional circumstances' jeopardizing Europe's supply of bananas from the ACP countries does not strike us as a sound basis for a lasting relationship of cooperation.
It is essential for the sporting world to be consulted about the impact of single market legislation on sports regulations.
Certainly, that was the reason why the struggle for Algerian liberation was subsequently so violent. That struggle was enor mously hard.
I am naturally perfectly ready to stand before you and discuss this in Parliament.
Fellow of the European Board of Urology.
Everyone must therefore assume their responsibUities, as frankly, I hardly find it acceptable toat the Commission is placed under accusation without recognition of everything it did in 1996.
Debates of the European Parliament
We all recall Geneva and the disaster that befell the Union's policy.
It is the Euro pean consumer who foots the bill.
The Union did whatever it could to downgrade the status of its special envoy vis-à-vis the United States and now the United States has just appointed Mr Holbrooke as its own special representative.
But what we must avoid is that economic opportunities of participation be replaced by simple information and consultation rights as in the EWC directive or by an as yet inexistent community instrument to regulate information and consultation at the national level.
It should be stressed that there is no evidence that this downward spiral has occurred, but that the pressure clearly exists.
So what means should be adopted to keep within these principles?
There must be an equal opportunities element in all political activity and in all policy proposals.
We have simply taken over last year's proposal ­ never in fact put into practice ­ to defer the payment of premiums for oil seed.
The opinion shall be delivered by the majority laid down in Article 148(2) of the Treaty in the case of decisions which the Council is required to adopt on a proposal from the Commission.
Where the text to be put to the vote contains two or more provisions orreferences to two or more points or lends itself to division into two or more partseach with a distinctlogical meaning and normativevalue, a split vote may be requested.
Debates of the European ParUament
0 Member of the PSI central commit­tee (national assembly) from 1967 to 1993.
0 Member of the SPÖ Federal Executive Committee.
How soon is shortly? Secondly, con cerning payment cards: I know that our fellowparliamentarians who addressed this matter in the eighties together with business and industry made a heartfelt plea to us for legislation.
Subject to the conditions set out below,any Member may submit a proposal fora decision different from that taken by the Council authorizing expenditure in excess of the provisional one twelfthfor expenditure other than that necessarily resultingfrom the Treaty or from acts adopted in accordancetherewith. therewith.
I used to take a rather critical attitude towards the idea of such a court, but now that we have that court, we must use it if we are to retain any credibility. In the past, I have to. say, it was not so much the fault of the various" governments of former Yugoslavia - with the exception of the Serbs - that the war criminals were not delivered up to justice, but it was due rather to a weakness on the part of the West.
Hautala (V), in writing. - (FI) There are powerful forces at work which wish to turn the European Union into a major power which would protect its interests in the world by force of arms.
More jobs are soon going to have to disappear, not just at Renault in France but in the European car industry as a whole, since overcapacity is currently running at 20 to 30%.
Votes
The Council reiterates its full support for the UN Secretary-General and his special representative on Cyprus.
However, automobile manufacturers are supplying these specifications in software programmes toat are covered by toe provisions on toe protection of intellectual property.
Having said that, it is necessary to stress that this directive deals with a complex and delicate situation requiring an urgent solution.
Let us read the final communiqué from the European Council.
Only then is it justified to use the term the Commission takes as the heading for its communication on the chemical industry: an example.
We are asked, and indeed President Larosière of the EBRD did raise the four safeguards that we would all want, whether, as a result of the EBRD loan we will have the highest possible existing standard of safety.
On the other hand, in respect of the Common Agricultural Policy, it seems to me that its reforms should be linked to the natural handicaps of the different countries, to unemployment, to the land.
I feel that in the future the Commission, in its interaction with the Council, and the European Parliament must do much more to coordinate the various policy areas.
The Com mittee on Foreign Affairs is calling for Parliament to have a right of assent as regards the suspension of cooperation under Lomé.
Last year we admitted that funding was a major gap in our knowl­edge of national strategies.
The Commission should also include in the recognition of key skills, research ability in sectors at the cutting edge of technology.
We also wish to continue the cooperation without damaging the coherence and solidarity of the ACP group.
Instead, as others have already stressed, tourism is actually a highly valuable industry which indeed produces wellbeing and GDP, but above all produces employment.
How long on average in days does an office of departure wait to receive the return copy 5 from an office of destination? (on average and by Member
Lecture on protection of plant varieties under the UPOV Convention.
Van der Waal process and recognise Israel's right to existence.
Other leastcost studies were unofficially undertaken later, but these were not done by an independent panel of experts.
Enquiry into Community Transit
Also positive is the encouragement of crossborder cooperation which can promote stability in the region and the status quo.
When we consider what unifies us and the underlying principle of our mutual cooperation, is it not just that common European cultural heritage in all its rich variety?
It was to some extent possible to plug the gaps with agency staff.
Santini (UPE). - (IT) Mr President, I should like to begin with a specific point in your report where you say that 45 % of students in higher education fail to complete their
Support for student mobility will be increased in the Russian Federation and Georgia (and provisionally Ukraine) by means of Mobility Joint European Projects.
Unless at least four members object to this procedure, the committee chairman shallbe deemed to have been appointed rapporteur.
That is for my colleague, Commissioner Monti. But in so far as I can judge or see from the Commission perspective, we continue to stand by what I already said, including as a Commission.
Half of the young civil servants recruited from the new Member States are women.
That is why our group will vote against paragraph 18.
CHAPTER 10
Secondly, it should be pointed out that these agreements fit perfecdy into a continuation of the agreements that came into force a year ago and into the framework of the Europe-Israel association agreement approved here by a very large majority.
Within the European Parliament, the Commit­tee on Petitions examines matters raised by citizens and takes appropriate action.
I then come to the difficulty which has already been raised here by a number of Members, namely that there are still three partners in the social dialogue and that small and medium-sized undertakings are still absent.
If we could agree that the word 'new' should be deleted and the necessary correction made, then we would be happy with that.
Relations between the warehouse administration and users are governed exclusively by private law (warehousing contract pursuant to Articles 482 et seq. of the Code of Obligations).
0 Deputy (1979-1994), member of the committee on public works ana the environment (1979-1987) and the agriculture committee (1987-1994) and member of the Bureau of the Chamber of Deputies (1987-1994).
Poisson (UPE), draftsman of the opinion of the Commit­tee on Research, Technological Development and Energy. ­ (FR) Mr President, I am speaking on behalf of my colleague Alain Pompidou, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Research.
The Dutch, on the other hand, must do more to meet foreign criticism of Dutch drugs policy.
In their own backyard the Commission are openly practising this job for life approach and, if you do not get on the bottom rung of the ladder then there really is a block on you.
von Wogau (PPE), chairman of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy. - (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the stability pact is undoubtedly one of the major steps on the road to European monetary union, and the question of whether it can be approved, on schedule, in Amsterdam is crucial.
(4).The Commission is analysing the implementation of the Directive, in consultation with the Member States, and concludes that the measures laid down under existing Community legislation can still be shown to be valid in the overaU context of protecting the health of workers exposed to asbestos.
But this new partnership must also be aware of the people's needs. The priority objective is combatting poverty.
Former special adviser at the Ministry for Education (1988-1990).
Debates of the European Parliament
Fortunately economic policy and employment policy do seem to be going hand in hand and the Commission document has set aside a special paragraph for using structural reforms to favour job growth.
Ever used Used in past 12 months
We have added to the Directive a reinforcement of the protection of minors' rights and I have every hope that we could even develop this matter in a year's time when the Commission presents the findings of its research, as reflected in the Directive.
That is why I call on the European Union to appeal the decision of the WTO panel immediately and confirm the Community banana regulation, in order to protect the vital interests of Community and ACP producers, in accordance with the commitments made under the Lomé convention.
In this way certain facilities are given to selected groups of taxpayers, subject to periodical evaluation.
Others will simply require a notification by the manufacturers to the Commission at the same time that they are placed on the market, with no independent safety or environmental assessments.
1) Seat of the Translation Centre
The shortfalls detected in this corporation's system of management, the judicial processes open to indigenous leaders and the departure from set objectives through errors in interpretation have given rise to deep concern in social sectors and the Argentine Parliament itself has heard voices raised in favour of amending the regulations governing the corporation.
During the examination of a Commission proposal in the committee responsible,the Commission may also on its own initiative table amendments to its proposaldirectly in the committee.
Of course, he may make mistakes, but he does try to move forward with the agenda. (')
I am led to believe that France, aided and abetted by Belgium, has played a not insignificant role in triggering and exacerbating toe crises in Rwanda and Zaire and I also learn that French aid, distributed unconditionally to dictatorships, is fuelUng every conceivable kind of chaos and corruption.
That is the problem with the Spanish law.
If the issue of flexibility is not resolved inside the treaty, there is no doubt that flexibility will exist outside the treaty.
In tbis respect, toe report suggests coUecting money directly from the pubUc.
I assume mine but I am not the scapegoat for everything including Hiroshima!
The truth is that southern Albania is the stronghold of a mafia which, together with the KGB, largely controlled the pyramid investment schemes.
Existing preliminary data on the transfer of wealth and capital between more and less developed countries could surprise those critics.
the EU the right to emergency medical care as well.
A submission to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry on Fraud in the Community Transit System by Eric Ellen, Executive
It also says that if a lobbyist wants to employ a Member's assistant, he has to seek the permission of the Member concerned.
The vote wiU be taken tomorrow at 12.00 noon.
For other - smaller - companies, however,
Now I think the serious position to take on the issue is to judge each measure on its merits. WeU, in this case, I think it is important to approve Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi's report - and I must say it is excellent, even at the legal level - but that does not mean we should not argue our position against the Council.
tion is not an express part of the Treaty of Rome or other agreements, the Commission can only repeat its earlier advice to the governments of Member States to do all in their power to bring to an end all unacceptable practices where animals are killed during cultural and sporting events.
In these cases, the following letters appear in brackets after the name of the speaker to indicate the language spoken: (DA) for Danish, (DE) for German, (EL) for Greek, (ES) for Spanish", (FR) for French, (IT) for Italian, (NL) for Dutch, (PT) for Portuguese, (FI) for Finnish and (SV) for Swedish.
Should a political group or at least twenty-nine Members contest thecommittee's interpretation, the matter shall be put to the vote in Parliament.Adoption of the text shall be by simple majority provided that at least one third of Parliament's Members are present. ln the event of rejection,the matter shall bereferred back to the committee.
Let me also make it clear yet again that the review of PHARE does in fact involve increasing investment funds from 25 % to 70 % and increasing the TEN budget, which means we will be making some headway in this area too, even if it does not mean we can finance all the dream projects or all the necessary projects.
With this joint text, moreover, the Union's institutions are bringing to a close a debate which has gone on far too long, and it is good that Parliament has taken such an active part in that debate.
The United States will have a public deficit of 1 9c this year, understood in the Maastrichtian sense of the criterion, and to my knowledge they are given as an example when it comes to the creation of jobs.
It is printed in the agenda as such but there seems to be a deal of confusion and, given the sensitivity of this issue, it is important that everybody hears from your lips when the vote will be taken.
Then we shall know the situation there and take the necessary measures to deal with it.
THE EUROPEAN OMBUDSMAN
It is not tomorrow that we should learn from each other or work out a coordinated strategy on jobs. It is today.
President. - As its author is absent, Question No 47 lapses.
Violation of human rights continues and Belgrade maintains that the status of Kosovo is a purely internal matter.
Question No 68 by Hans Lindqvist (H-0144/97)
Finland
AU toe things we are discussing here -curriculum vitae, employment structure, the world of work, the conditions governing appointment and promotion - all these things are based on the Uves and experiences of men.
20.09.1942 Journalist Austria SPÖ MEP: PSE
On the other hand, the trade representatives who have addressed the Committee take the view that the guarantee imposes extra financial burdens on them for little extra benefit in terms of combatting fraud.
It rejected wholesale deregulation and growth alone as being a solution to our unemployment problems.
The African elephant (Loxodonta Africana) was listed in Appendix I of the CITES Convention at the 7th COP held in Lausanne, Switzerland, in 1989. South ern African nations opposed the ban on the grounds that their elephant populations were well managed and in many cases growing beyond the carrying capacity of their land, and wished to resume a legal and controlled trade in elephant products for the benefit of conservation and rural communities.
I would like us to vote on it now and I hope the statement can be made and debated as part of the general debate on women's affairs which is on this morning's agenda.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs hopes that the House will support the amendments it has tabled, which are designed to flesh out the Commission's proposal and provide greater clarity for those concerned.
But in practice the committee already acts in an advisory role in most cases.
Answer Yes.
Another argument was that Swedish border controls would remain in place.
The Solange 2 judgement then followed, which said exactly the opposite, namely that as long as the Community observed constitutional and human rights, there was no need for a national review.
(Parliament approved the Minutes) (')
Colom I Naval minor difference.
No programme demonstrates a people's Europe more than SOCRATES - except perhaps the voluntary service which we have just been discussing.
hi Mostar, we have the Croat and Muslim sides and it seems to me that the only way we can get some kind of solution is to have a kind of de facto federation of Mostar on both sides of die Neretva river.
At the same time, the Commission stated - in the report to which I have referred - that it was aware that resort to Article 235 may be much more difficult or even impossible in an enlarged Community in which the principle of unanimity in decisionmaking is retained.
None of these countries would normally be aware of the presence of the vehicle on their territory.
Donnelly, Brendan (PPE). - Madam President, like the previous speaker I should like to begin by congratulating Mr Ford on what is basically an excellent report.
I agree with you!
Martinez distinction between a Korean net, a Japanese net and an Itatian net?
The sad banana affair reminds us that it is easy to slip on the excesses of liberalism. The European Union must protect its commitments.
Kaki am an is of course there is the unresolved problem of decommissioning.
The Commission has just received the elements, in June this year.
Head of the G. Papanikolaou Hospital (National Health Service) (1991-1994). President of the Scientific Teaching Staff of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki (1975-1985).
As you are well aware, the present operation is on a much bigger scale, with the deployment of 50 000 troops, 250 tanks, Fl4 and F16 bombers and Cobra helicopters.
(EP working papers : environment, public health and consumer v > protection series) At
It is now for the Luxembourg Presidency to lay down the stepping stones for an historic undertaking which will reconcile our continent with itself.
This trend was to continue and even accelerate in 1997, with an increase of 298.6%.
The frontier-free area of the internal market is critical to the success of these services.
As regards these outermost regions, Madam President, Mr Commissioner, it is not enough for the IGC merely to make a statement as it did for the last Maastricht Confer ence.
It is quite clear that Kenya is suffering
Official coordination meetings of Member States and the Commission are of a different nature.
Bjerregaard sole powers of the Community, such as fisheries, could not be dealt with, however, because the Commission had not yet received the mandate it had asked for from the Council.
Economic and monetary union, p. 21 - 10.
But I hope that the next phase of Europe's development will be more outward-looking once we have got this business out of the way.
6.1 Existence of estimates
What do we need such an organization for, if it only acts as a referee when the matter, concerns opposition to social achievements, or opposition to conservation of the environment?
Robles Piquer (PPE). - (ES) Madam President, Commissioner, back in March we friends of Africa were jubilant when a general, then governing as the result of a mUitary coup, handed over power in Sierra Leone - a former British colony with less than five milUon inhabitants - to
The Commission also shares the concern expressed in the report that different levels of penalties in the Member States could lead to distortion of competition.
So the text should, of course, be as clear as possible, and it is also in that spirit that we have examined the proposed amendments.
President. - As Mrs Izquierdo Rojo is not present, Question No 15 (H-0151/97) faUs.
I must say that the last amendment was really difficult to get through in the conciliation procedure.
Similarly there are today glaciers recovering the tips of the Alps which were free of ice and where troops passed in the 12th or 13th century.
Please note that an important difference exists, i.e. student mobility is only eligible for JEPs.
the Council's attention on these situations.
They know that further change is required for membership.
The right to receive information must be compatible with the rights of ownership and free competition between companies possessing broadcasting rights.
This new regulation affects 800, 000 children.
President - The next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions to toe Commission:
Throughout its existence, the Committee of Inquiry has been interested in exploring the possibilities offered by technology in making the transit system less prone to fraud and in assisting the detection of fraud.
Finally, I should like to thank Mr Medina Ortega and Mr Böge.
As the Honourable Member knows, aid under the Structural Funds is governed by toe regulations adopted by the Council in July 1993.
And that is despite the fact that good results have already been achieved with liberalization of the postal services, particularly in Sweden.
We are demanding that full employment be made the central goal of the new Treaty.
In terms of the essence, there is a lot to be said about the process of emasculating an intergovernmental policy whose inter-governmentality has just been officially con firmed at the Amsterdam Summit by means of the Communitarization of its financing.
♦ development of mentoring mechanisms;
President - The next item is the report (A4-0412/96) by Mr Fantuzzi, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the proposal for a Council Regulation (EC) amending Regulation (EEC) No 2081/92 on the protection of geographical indications and designa tions of origin for agricultural products and foodstuffs (COM(96)0266 - C4-0439/96-96/0159(CNS)).
They participate in the access on partnerships, they take part in all the general debates and in all the decisions, as listeners or observers.
- ensure implementation of the Guidelines produced by the Committee for Proprietary Medicinal Products (') requiring all medicines registered after January 1993 to be categorized, in terms of respect to effects on ability to drive and use machines, within the foUowing three-tier classification: presumed to be safe or unlikely to produce an effect, or likely to produce minor or moderate effects, or likely to produce severe adverse effects or presumed to be potentially dangerous.
This means that the Commission - and later, I think, the CouncU - have for example committed themselves not to
Question No 22 by Mr Gallagher (H-0181/97) Subject: Compensation for Irish fishermen
• Discharge of the president of the Office
There are clearly alternatives to all existing uses and the Commission has been slow to ban the use and the sale of CFCs within the Community.
President ­ The next item is the report (A4­0089/97) by Mr Brendan Donnelly, on behalf of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities, on amendment of Rule 116 of Parliament's Rules of Procedure concerning split voting.
We have a European patent tradition which has meant that traditionally we have set strict standards for patents and required a high level of detail in all applications.
Regarding the first issue, I very much welcome the positive approach which you have adopted.
11. the steel industry (the stabilizationof markets and prices, control ofconcentrations under Communityprogrammes) (Articles 4, 46 and 56 to 67 of the ECSC Treaty);
Bonino. - (ES) Indeed, the previous method may have been better, but this did not prevent a serious crisis and the Commission's being criticized on the grounds of insufficient inspection measures.
There is no reason for the EU to support this particular energy source.
• consolidating and improving the Centre's epidemiological and demand­reduction informa­tion systems on the basis of agreed sets of core data; • consolidating and enhancing the REITOX net­work of National Focal Points; • improving and developing reliable and compar­able data­collection methods, progressively implementing five harmonised key indicators of the prevalence and health consequences of drug use and promoting the scientific evaluation of demand­reduction activities;
1. the development of a common transport policy (Articles74-84 of the ECTreaty);
T ing technology and education and vocational training, and improving infrastructure in transport, energy and environment.
Until then we will have to take a few interim steps in that direction, but I think we agree on the ultimate aim.
I ask you to take it early in toe order of voting so that we can give it proper consideration.
In accordance with article 12 of the Act concerning the election of representatives to the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, the house recognizes this vacancy and informs the Member State concerned of its existence.
Furthermore, there is, it seems to me, within the agreement some considerable disregard for the expanding needs of the artisanal fishing fleet and warnings about the decline in fishing stocks.
In that respect Parliament must be vigilant in regard to any backsliding by individual Member States.
Blokland (I-EDN). - (NL) Madam President, the nonconventional medical practitioners have obviously done their work well, since here Parliament is discussing yet another report on improving the status of nonconventional medicine.
We have a report which I think for the first time is going to be all but unanimously accepted by this House.
Perhaps it was just intended to shock and warn people to be on their guard.
Madam President, I am grateful to Mr Belleré and his colleagues for their thorough and speedy work. Naturally I welcome their proposed approval of the common position on summertime arrangements in the European Union.
And, above all, it will create fewer difficulties for you.
Young people across Europe are open-minded and are looking for opportunities that this programme provides.
There are also those who desire patents in order that life should continue.
Regional Development Fund, European Social Fund and European Agricultural Fund) must state how the measures involved have contributed to developing equal opportunities.
But if this process is to be a success, it has to be a meeting of minds and a meeting of peoples, and that needs to involve the parliaments of the states.
This is an achievable goal.
In agreeing to place these principles in the recitals and not in the articles of the proposal for decision, we are stopping just short of a showdown with Council right now. We are stopping just short, provided the Commissioner tonight
The Member States will be ensuring the provision of telephone services. We therefore think it should also be the Member States who ultimately determine the charges.
Tyres are being slashed, windows broken and two lorries have been set on fire.
Liese (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, modern biotechnology offers us great opportunities.
As regards Senegal, it is worth recalling that this country has 700 km of coastline and that 500 000 people are engaged either directiy or indirectly in the fisheries sector, which alone accounts for 11 % of the country's primary GDP and 2.5 % of its total GDP.
The person who controls the network and its content can operate on the network and thus rule.
After completion of this analysis, toe Commission will make toe report together with comments available to the other institutions, interested persons and organisations.
Programme of the Luxembourg presidency, p. 141 - 9.
Myller of the European Union.
It will be resumed after the debate on the European Council meeting of 23 May 1997.
With this appearing to be the new dominant attitude, they have all but universally downgraded their basic, if not exclusive 'priority' functions of control and information in favour of cooperation actions with economic operators.
Pursuit of an alignment of Community with world prices is aimed at adapting the CAP to the American model, with further drops in income, an acceleration in the concentration of farms, and the implementation of over-intensive production methods.
every conceivable solution, but too little has actually been done in practice.
Europe must adopt a united stance against undemocratic practices, but I really think - and here Mrs van Bladel is right again - that we need to go and talk to the Indonesians, because one thing they have learnt from the Dutch is to listen and to talk.
Conclusion of first reading Rejection of a Commission proposal Adoption of amendments to a Commission proposal
The guarantee was much lower than the tax and excise applicable to the consignments.
However, it should not be possible to patent methods of diagnosis.
Then it may start to appreciate what is involved here, and perhaps we can do some work for the European project among the individual members of the Community.
It would focus attention on the issue of violence against women and also provide real support for all those within authorities and voluntary organizations who work against violence.
In Sweden, public transport would disappear totally from practically all remote areas if operating costs had to be met from the income from ticket sales.
Garcia Arias (PSE). - (ES) I understand that the Com missioner does not want to enter into Spanish domestic affairs, but the situation is such that you should know that the day after a representative of the affected company appeared before the court, it decided that he should not be able to leave Spain.
Ford that is voted on.
The amendments whereby the obligation to use certified seed would be phased in gradually are entirely in line with the Commission's views as far as their content is concerned.
In addition in th great coastal rain forests which are the traditional territory of the Nuxalk Indians, large parts of their land are being released to timber companies for clear-felting under longterm lease licences.
In this Parliament we surely are going to condemn that out of hand and condemn all those who support it.
The Commission must encourage this everywhere, then we shall know just what we are really fighting against.
■ The ECB should also make clear 'its use of operational targets to reach the price stability target'.
In plenary session, Members may speak either on their own behalf or as committee rapporteurs or spokesmen for their political groups.
The internal energy market is now a reality.
(Parliament rejected the motion for a resolution) *
"I believe a kind of shoplifting syndrome has begun to manifest itself.
The Council of the Baltic Sea States could be the focal point for such cooperation and could participate in the political process as a responsible partner.
I do not regard this as an ideal solution for telecommunications, since we would be dividing up two activities which need to be operated globally in order to be globally competitive.
What protection would be available to traders actually or potentially included?
Although this is exclusively a matter for the States making up that body, it would be appropriate for the European Commission to maintain pressure on the States in that region and to reinforce what it calls the critical dialogue that it seems to have instituted.
Van den Broek, Member of the Commission. - (NL) To start with the last question, according to the timetable which the Armenian Government is following, the plant is due to close in 2007.
This morning's debate on Renault made that clear and the scandal of delocalization is even more serious in relation to the building of Europe.
The inability to deal with toe big states, most notably Croatia, and President Tudjman's activities, particularly in relation to the Croat community in Mostar and the inability also to deal with what I suspect are the real villains behind the situation in Mostar, that is the gangsters on West Bank who have clearly got the city tied up for themselves and do not want normal peace to be resumed.
Taking into account the levels of fraud, irregularities, inefficiencies, inexperience etc, endemic in the present system, the first stage of the proposed solution does not start by addressing the trading community as a whole.
• analyse existing Community programmes, including those for research and development (IDA, LINGUA, etc.) and those intended for third countries (TACIS, PHARE, MEDA, etc.), to investigate the possibilities for the Centre's participation in both budgetary and operational aspects.
Thank you both for your intervention and for your words of encourage ment, but please rest assured that this Presidency has great staying power.
NaturaUy these are highly qualified people, but then we have such people here in Parliament too. In my group, for instance, we have Professor Casini, who is a lawyer who has been involved with these issues for a long time.
Coordination concerns the actions of the donor community as a whole.
Instead we will create structures where they can opt out totally if they so wish and allow the rest of us to pursue our shared vision of
with the greatest problems should be given the opportunity to participate in the programme.
Then we could put on to the market products that could compete with those now circulating on the black market.
What we also need is more cofinancing projects so that the Central and Eastern European countries can identify more closely with the projects concerned. cerned.
It is only fair to acknowledge now that perhaps more could have been done. Some of us warned that that was the case, but obviously without success.
At this point I must emphasize the active role of nongovernmental organizations and bodies in drawing up the programmes.
Firsdy, we want more simpUfied rales, and we want to ensure that people understand exactly how the system works.
Decision on urgency Colino Salamanca
Answer
But one could certainly just as well argue that the death penalty has saved the lives of a great many innocent people - the victims of multiple repeat offenders, many of whom are walking around freely.
Qualified design engineer.
Brok in other words, the procedure would be reversed.
This report has tried to tackle such a wide range of difficult technical issues.
NO)nr today these lands are mostly desert.
DUS-testing on behalf of the CPVO is performed in almost all the Member States of the European Community.
In the wake of reorganization, some Member States do not at this moment have a fiscal police division to deal with crime in this sector.
Liikanen. - (FI) Mr President, the Council did indeed decide to cut the appropriations in this way.
Blokland (I-EDN). ­ (NL) Mr President, in its Green Paper, the European Commission rightly states that the balance of Lomé is moderate.
Finally, the report is unacceptable in that it deals with the financing of the European political groups.
President. - Thank you very much, Mrs Gradin.
That is such a glaring, obvious contradiction when half a million EU citizens die prematurely each year from smoking-related diseases.
France k» priority should be given to evaluating how measures affect competition, employment levels, productivity and product quality
Member of the "Eco-Label" Forum of the European Communities.
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
The soüdarity of the French and Spanish workers with their Belgian coUeagues is something new!
Parliament won a significant victory then, when it managed to get several more groups of environmentally hazardous wastes included in the decision, including a number of substances on the 'Green List', which for the most part includes environmentally harmless substances.
The issue of TIR carnets is therefore more tightly controlled than as is the case with Tl documents and limited in theory to transporters able to provide assurances of trustworthiness and whose vehicles meet certain minimum standards, relating in particular to security.
Member, Committee on Agriculture and Forestry and Administrative Committee.
Collins, Kenneth (PSE). - Madam President, first of all I should like to say that in the field of the environment, at least, I welcome the aims of the Dutch presidency.
The Office also makes considerable use of the services of the Translation Centre for Bodies of the European Union and the Office for Official Publications of the European Communities.
I only regret that the benches of the House are not as full as the public gallery.
According to recent critical reports in the media, medicinal products are increasingly being offered for sale on the Internet.
We are also proceeding with legislation that will provide much greater security against injury caused in the course of roll-over of coaches.
I would like here to pay tribute to the Dutch Presidency which has displayed considerable forcefulness, since it has succeeded in persuading the Council to accept solutions that were closer to those advanced by Parliament and the Commission.
Why should new forms of credit, e.g. credit-card loans, not be covered by an amended directive, or by a directive of their own?
That is precisely the reason and I am also referring to the Commission's policy for which the choice of regions is so often submitted to a very strict evaluation based on certain criteria, including unemployment and a weak economic structure.
We cannot support the amendment proposals concerning the single currency because we do not support the principle of a common currency, nor do we believe that this will ever come into being.
Successful applicants will receive a contract which will indicate the budget allocated to the project.
There are criticisms to be made, there are many more things we have to achieve and we have to make it clear that these intergovernmental conferences are perhaps no longer the right method to use.
You cannot simply say that if the Member States do not have enough money to pursue their employment policies, all we have to do is turn on the European funding and jobs will appear.
CONCLUSIONS
I am also in agreement with the proposed Foundation for Democracy.
Improving the impact of joint actions, p. 126 - 9.
Such conditions were to be laid down in a separate directive.
There are also several problems which are particularly connected with the Objective 6-Region in Sweden which deals with aid to sparsely populated areas.
I refer to Commissioner Monti's response to my Question (H-0882/96) (') on the Law of Tourism 7/1995 which is due to come into force in Spain in July 1997.
I am in agreement with the content of most of the reports.
Internet groups being alert to the spread of racist material through the new media.
Let us not lower the tone of the debate by attributing the defence of this point of view to national interests. I defend here the interests of Europe as a whole and I think that by defending a better European Union, I am defending my country.
Different views are taken of alternative medicine.
Included in this, fractions of the financial contribution are earmarked for scientific and technical programmes and for promoting skills and knowhow of Mauritian nationals engaged in sea-fishing.
Equipment can only be provided for the partner country universities and then only if it is essential for the implementation of the project objective.
They are not but they are governed by common sense, head in the right direction and are in keeping with what the national parliaments, with the representations of the European Parliament, agreed on in the COSAC - and here I wish to pay tribute to VicePresidents Fontaine and Imbeni.
Here too, one of the biggest problems is to enforce the existing regulations, including the 1978 STCW Conven­tion.
The new 1995 Convention, to which 14 Member States of the European Union are contracting parties, therefore marks a step forward towards greater safety at sea, in that it strengthens the powers of the IMO to monitor the signatory states' training and verification methods.
And we want to get rid of those jobs with one amendment!
Please use the following guidelines when discussing the project preparation within the consortium (more details are also given in the application form).
We must be scrupulous and satisfy the citizens' sense of justice.
At this point, I would also like to include some further information for those present: purely as regards multilin­gualism, an institution such as the Court of Auditors requires a 25 % increase in staff.
However, this was less controversial than it might have been because it was not openly framed as positive action for ethnic minorities, but for 'local people'.
According to this strategy, the use and pro tection of forests remain matters for national decision making.
Co-decision: legislative procedure introduced by the Maastricht Treaty and extended to new areas by the Treaty of Amsterdam, which puts the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers on an equal footing in the adoption of Community legislation.
- - - each draft amendment and each proposed modification,each sectionof the draft budget,a motion for a resolution concerning the draftbudget. budget.
The decisions of the Peace Implementation Council in London will be important here.
To that end the Commission took a more strategic approach during the programming of the Lomé IV second financial protocol.
On the other hand you cannot ignore toe question of consumer interest.
Nothing, of course.
') Membership of committees - Responsibilities of committees - Documents received Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council -Petitions: see Minutes.
Rübig (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, I find it irresponsible that such an important debate should be postponed.
President - Thank you very much, Mr Liikanen.
EUROPEAN ELECTIONS
This would strengthen the WTO and help reform in China.
0 Deputy in the nation­al parliament (since 1983).
Former president of the Chamber of Commerce Higher Council's Industry Committee (1983­1987).
Member of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais Regional Council.
It is difficult to see how the system introduced by Law 7/1995 for the management of building complexes tends to create a dominant position.
Report (A4-0173/97) by Mr Sturdy, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural development, on the proposals for 16 Council regulations on the prices for agricultural products and related measures 19971998 (COM(97)0089 - C4-0114/97 to C4-0129/97-97-0087(CNS) to 97/0089(CNS), 97/0091(CNS) to 97/0094(CNS) - 97/0096(CNS) to 97/0102(CNS), 97/0905(CNS) and 07/0906(CNS))
I the circumstances the Netherlands Presidency has a golden opportunity to settle this question which cannot simply be left to one side in the general revision of technical measures.
Nearly a third of the members of this House opted in this election for a choice which was on the one hand a protest vote and on the other hand a tribute to Mrs Lalumière's courage in standing.
I naturally agree with our colleague Mr Garosci's words of thanks and I think that the words of the Commissioner have really put some heart into the commercial sector.
Bangemann, Member of the Commission. ­ (DE) I wUl gladly arrange for this point to be checked again, but obviously I am not in a position, here and now, to give any opinion other than the one given by my coUeague yesterday.
In an area where regional and local relations have existed for centuries the objective, now that the Iron Curtain has fallen, must be to pull aside the silver curtain too by making greater efforts to close the gap in living standards and strengthen democratic reforms, rather than setting up new frontiers by means of the Schengen Accords.
The EU made a pubUc undertaking at the Rio Summit - as both you and I remember very well - to make available a budget of ECU 2000 million, this being aimed specifically at solving problems arising in connection with the future of the world envtionment.
Secretary and foreign affairs adviser in Peking, Washington and Moscow (1972-1981).
These socalled developing countries also contain 86 % of the world's plants.
Do you not think it is time, given the state of the debate on economic and monetary union and the very clear shift of public opinion in Europe now, to rebalance economic and monetary union so that we can prove to the citizens of the European Union that we can have, on the one hand, a successful economic and monetary union and on the other hand, that we can tackle the problem of unemployment?
The opportunities exist, not least when it comes to the third age and the fact that older people should be considered as a resource.
We are aware too that the European Union is less efficient than its competitors at exploiting the ideas we have.
The Presidency of the Fisheries Council suggested to the Commission at the last meeting (held on 14 and 15 April) that a new proposal be drawn up to tackle the problem of drift nets. As the Presidency suggested, the new proposal should include the latest, most up-to-date information on this subject.
The period in question should also be shortened.
But, Mr President, Parliament now finds itself lumbered with the problems which the Commission and Council them selves brought about by faiting to react to the BSE crisis in time.
That coverage rate must be lowered to 40 % In this context, the eligibility criteria for Objective 1, dedicated to the less developed regions, i.e. below 75 % of the Community mean GDP, will be applied strictly with a gradual phasing out and, therefore, transitional periods for those regions losing their eligibility.
This entails a measure of forward planning which the present socalled policy does not have.
If it is the case that the EBRD is evading its own requirements to go for the lowest cost option, this is a serious matter which could have serious repercussions.
lf the number of Members required to make up the quorum is not present, the President shall not announce the result of the vote but shall declare that the quorum is not present.
The BCS/ECCC takes all further initiatives and automatically checks the programmed routes, area, distance, time and speed limitation.
DBA (University of Indiana).
Distribution of seats by political group and Member State
It would also be highly desirable for the tasks entrusted to this new force not only to be tasks of maintaining order but also to be those of training, in order to give Albania the army it needs.
Women's opportunities to work or receive education or training therefore undeniably depend on social services such as child care and care for the elderly, school meals, and public transport.
The Socialists see voluntary agreements as having a complementary role to legislation, but not as a substitute for it.
It should also be underlined that currendy no Member State has been found to be BSE-free in accordance to the ΟΓΕ criteria.
Amongst the range of irregularities which are usually committed in order to divert tobacco, particular mention should be made of the following: falsification of the customs stamp, both that of the customs office of origin and that of the office through which the goods leave Spain, which is responsible for returning the stamped forms direct to the customs office of origin; this makes it possible for the transit form to be discharged and the corresponding guarantee to be released illegally.
The new draft applies a higher market share for vertical agreements (10 %) and has dropped the turnover threshold altogether.
There are no provisions in the law to govern the export of gene foods from EU territory which means that these may be shipped overseas without a licence or any labelling.
I admit we are not directly competent here, which is partly the problem, but all the Member States looked into this question - some are a little behind, other more ahead. But everyone knows that is one of the main problems.
In view of the above observations I am accordingly unable to answer the question put by the Honourable Member.
Under President Clinton's new China policy the American and European positions are much closer.
Figure 2:Drug use among 15- to 16-year-oldschool students (ever used)
This is also denounced in one way or another in this report.
I agree fully with Mr Herman.
Now to return to the election which we observed.
Theonas us, however, that the average survival time for SMEs is just five years.
National frontier11
What we need is a common European policy.
We are concerned with the implementation of the UN agreement banning all discrimination against women.
The same applies to substances that may pose a risk to the environment; we included this feature of Austrian law too.
It introduces for the first time into the Treaty the concept of sustainable development, a matter of great importance to all of us who concern ourselves with the environment.
Rule 89Accession treaties
I must confess that I find it increasingly difficult to explain to ordinary people that they must continue to fight for Europe, despite my commitment to it.
Three procedural handbooks relating to transit have recently been drawn up to assist the customs service by rationalizing the internal procedure in an attempt to increase the speed and effectiveness of the response to any irregularities detected.
The Commission, furthermore, cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 and 4, because they go beyond the legal framework of the proposal under consideration.
This is an area in which - and I appeal to you today before the European Parliament - you must make proposals, as you have suggested you will.
But the block vote is quite clearly provided for within our Rules and we follow the Rules of Procedure.
But we must not forget that this is a report by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, which is more concerned with EMU and the effects social security financing will have on it than with social security and the effects EMU will have on the social situation and security of citizens.
But we could not support points 7 and 15 at the vote.
In my view the legal basis for all future legal statutes aimed at liberalisation of the postal market should be article 100.
9 Person responsible for financial settlement No
And that is the danger today.
Anyone who takes note of this reversal, and better still analyses the mechanisms by which it took place, will tear away the veil of hagiographie propaganda in which the Commission has shrouded itself and see it as it really is.
sion has been obliged to look specifically at how the subsidiarity principle is developing in practice.
Article 138e of the Treaty and Article 9 of the Statute emphasise that the European Ombudsman shall be completely independent.
I would appreciate an answer to my question.
Boston Scientific, a surgical equipment manufacturer, has recently decided to close its factory in Battice in Belgium and transfer its production centre to heland, leading to toe loss of 230 jobs in toe WaUoon Region, for toe simple reason toat it will obtain a significant level of European aid, since heland is an Objective 1 region.
We have to recognize as well that this is not money which was lost but money which may have been lost.
I have in mind both animal protection organizations and indigenous trappers in Canada, and also in the USA or Russia.
I would like to speak very quickly on this point for the minute I am allowed.
Com missioner Bangemann deserves our sincere thanks for that.
Although the original proposal has been improved, there is still one aspect that worries me, however. The liability thresholds have been set too low.
Visit to the DUS trials for strawberries carried out on behalf of the CPVO.
Debates of the European Parliament
I have no idea why.
Moreover, a certain number of new proposals, as provided for by the fourth programme, are currently being put together, in particular concerning respect for the dignity of women and men at work, and the domain of reponsibility and services relating to children and other dependants.
In the specific case of research into the effects of endocrine-disrupting chemicals, there have been reports from scientists of refusal of cooperation from the chemical industry.
At the same time, and with a view to overcoming the technical and capacity limitations of this system, the Centre will step up its use of SYSTRAN and publish a call for tender for a computer-assisted translation system with integrated database and document-flow management.
They are unanimous in their interest in this new text governing their profession.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, certainly the product counts and there is no doubt that how the European Union functions does not matter so much to people as seeing their own lives improve with the progress of the European Union, in terms of own welfare, personal and collective security, the opportunity to work, social security, the extension of freedom, of expression, of move ment, of initiative and so on.
Secondly, I should like to stress the need for the national programmes presented by the Commission, referred to by the Commission proposal, to be implemented with sufficient flexibility so as to take account of the different factors and realities in the different producing countries in the European Union.
That was a strategic mistake.
This meant that, with regard to applications of Community origin, a variety as a rule was examined where it would have been examined had the application been a national one.
This view may be based on the possibilities given in 'existing legislation' for operation in real estate linked to Treaty freedoms, other than those on capital movements.
In this case the Commission, whose task it is to conduct the negotiations, also ensures compliance with the directives that have been submitted by the Council.
Follow-up to Parliament's opinion Renewed consultation Conciliation procedu re
When we talk about tourism there is a serious risk of misunderstanding.
Selection
The Council considered that this was a matter of settling a case from the past, and that consequently, there was in reality nothing new.
Give this fact, the Rothley report is a pioneering initiative, making amendments to the directive that cover most of the moral and legal concerns of ordinary people.
I have great pleasure in presenting the price package proposals as amended by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
The proposals made by the Dutch presidency are, as a whole, important steps in the direction the European Parliament wants to follow.
Of the two options, I believe that the most liberal is not the one we think.
Would it not have made sense, given that a conflict had been brewing since 1992 and that we were aware of the existence of private armies, to have used our trade relations to exert political pressure during the intervening period so that such horrific occurrences could not have taken place?
It is only a matter of the European Union upgrading its patent law to this international standard.
If we add to this the limited nature of the results obtained through the agreed actions, our confusion is considerably increased.
Positive discrimination should be possible so as to achieve a more equitable balance between the sexes.
There will be budgetary effects, but there will also be implications for the labour market. In fact, firstly, national savings will decrease significantly due to the worsening of the financial accounts.
It is a quite typical access to. resources/financial compensation protocol.
However, nobody should assume that because we have the democracy clause with Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, these three countries will automatically and miraculously become democracies, because that will not happen.
van der Waal (I-EDN). - (NL) Madam President, follow ing the agreement with MERCOSUR it is also important that our political and economic links with Chile should be maintained.
Here it is very important to do things in the right order, and I welcome what Mr Hoppenstedt has said.
It goes without saying that Mrs Bonino's role wiU not be confined to forwarding scientific opinions to her colleagues with responsibility for agriculture and industry.
Debates of the European Parliament
Debates of the European Parliament
I have accepted almost all the amendments including Amendment No 5, as long as it is incorporated into paragraph 25, otherwise I will have to reject it as too specific.
Besides, how can the aberrations in the Commission report be ignored?
Debates of the European Parliament
Secondly, it is important that we maintain this industry as well because it is an important technology driver which feeds into the civil markets and produces many valuable products, enabling us to enjoy a high standard of living in our Western European Union countries at the moment.
I do not have time to say more, Mr President-in-Office, but I wish to say that our criticisms are made in good faith, and that we hope that your excellent work bears fruit in the future at the Intergovernmental Conference.
This approach is not without its downside.
Of course some important sections concerning both environmental and production issues, are missing, but the compromise is acceptable; we can live with it in Sweden.
The important thing as far as we are concerned is that the current projects can be proved to be efficient, for that is the only guarantee that the money is being used properly.
If we want peace to exist in Bosnia after the withdrawal of the SFOR troops, then a great deal more needs to be done.
We are following with careful, though not uncritical, attention what the Council is now doing to implement those resolutions.
In our point of view it should continue to be regulated by regulatory forms and, by the same token, bound by the respective targets of those rules.
We think toe Commis­sion's action plan to promote out­of­court procedures should be implemented as soon as possible.
Whereas the associated countries in the pre-acces-sion phase which have taken part in Tempus I and Tempus II could now, thanks to the experience they have acquired, make a useful contribution alongside the Member States in assisting the partner countries who came into the programme at a much later stage to restructure their higher education systems;
The report gives two possible solutions.
It is important, therefore, that training and career improve ment are supported, and it is quite impossible to under stand how, when that is being discussed, Leonardo funds should be considered for cuts, to give just one example.
Doubtlessly we shall return to this issue in the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
If policy remains unchanged, with in creased fragmentation of Europe's airspace, the consequences will be disastrous.
POMES RUIZ José Javier Entered on 10 May 1996, replacing Mr Abel MATUTES JUAN, who resigned on 6 May 1996.
0 General area and programme coordinator for Izquierda Unida (lU) in Andalusia.
Finally, Mr President, I would once more like to thank Parliament for this report and assure you that my col-
Those are clear examples whereas in other European countries all of these professions are illegal and the practice of these therapeutic approaches if not banned at best are tolerated - but sometimes also prosecuted.
Finally, a Eurobarometer inquiry, carried out at the Com mission's request, was dedicated to the perception of equality in public opinion.
I fully support your efforts to find a real solution here, but I believe that this will depend on many elements being put in place.
I wish to show by this that the budget problems will continue to exist as long as the Commission does not close up the 'open end'. Therefore I would request the Commis­sioner to take seriously my suggestion for an Unproved agri­monetary system.
We regard this measure as perfectly reasonable and would like to ask the Council for its opinion in this respect although, as the Council has stated, it has still not had a chance to study it.
So I ask you to endorse my group's motion, for we owe this to the people there, especially to the children!
Road passenger transport, p. 86 - 11.
We are against calls for immediate legislation on the ground that this would pre-empt the outcome of any
Those who cannot refrain from continuing to disrupt this peace .process must count on us taking definite measures against them, and I entirely share the view of Carlos Westendorp and the senior Delegate, that we must proceed against them with all severity and must not be afraid of doing so.
They merit greater attention, because these projects high light the obstacles and difficulties that hinder cooperation, problems of which people become more keenly aware in this context.
I believe that we have a lot of potential in promoting cultural industries where there is very good value for money. Culture in its broadest sense
However, it is important to identify Customs Authorities as part of the problem if only in order to underline that it is impossible to achieve a viable solution without their full cooperation, There must also be recognition of the key role they can play, not only in collecting and protecting the revenues of the Member States, but in protecting and securing the interests of all involved in International Trade.
Let me add: 'We ain't joking' when we talk about PHARE and TACIS.
ROLE: cooperationwithin American states.EU status: participationwhere of mutualbenefit.
Indeed, you have all emphasized that yourselves.
Mr Rovsing's report provides a critical and enriching back-up to the approach of the Commission.
Order of business, p. 2 - 4.
As you know, the Pact for Stability and Growth was adopted in its entirety.
Berthu (EDN), in writing. ­ (FR) The annual motion for a resolution on racism, as prepared by the Committee on Civil Liberties and Citizens' Rights of our Assembly, and as presented this morning, seemed to show an improve­ment on texts of previous years.
I am therefore in favour of establishing the directive in full because I am thinking of life, of the life of the many sick people who are waiting for it and have written to us.
Holm (V), in writing. - (SV) I am of the firm opinion that there is no need for EU regulation of the tourist sector in the EU Treaty.
Today, as you know, is the 14th of July, a national holiday and a day celebrated by all French citizens.
I therefore beUeve that we can come back in the context of the second reading to the wish expressed by the rappor­teur.
The European Parliament can count on the Commission to see that its contribution is respected and retained on that occasion. Let me thank the House on behalf of the Commission for its contribution, and add my own per sonal thanks.
And for that reason we need this Directive to strengthen competition within the European Union.
ing the extent of each country’s public spendingeffort.The drug budget as a proportion of GDP issimilar in the three European countries studied,but substantially higher in the United States.As aproportion of public spending,the figures for theUnited States and the United Kingdom are significantly higher than for France and the Netherlands.
The Union and the Member States must make every effort to ensure that the IMF does not make any concessions to the present Serbian government.
The European Ombudsman
January 1973: the Europe of the Six became the Europe of the Nine with the accession of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Weber (ARE). - Mr President, in my country 85 % of the population does not want to consume genetically-modified foods. If our assembly wants to respect the democratic principle of freedom of choice for consumers, we have to guarantee the transparency of origin of the ingredients of our daily bread.
Secondary education.
And if we wished to give lessons on Algeria, well, we are giving lessons on Algeria.
We in the Green Group wish to give ourselves time to study in detail the impressive document that we have been given, and there are already a number of vital questions we would like to ask.
So to put it very briefly, the proposal is that the necessary measures be adopted to formulate and develop joint action based on the qualified majority principle, which this Parliament has approved, moreover, and which should be the general principle which inspires our actions.
Pinheiro, Member of the Commission. - Madam President, toe Commission wishes to congratulate toe rapporteur, Mr Fassa, on his report and is in general very favourable to its conclusions and recommendations.
The common foreign and security policy is on the agenda for Maastricht.
Mr Lehne will be coming out with a report and I would like to take this opportunity of stressing that I see the problem Mr Ford is pointing out.
This is indeed the end result of the ultra-liberal policy that a majority of EU governments support and mat many of the Commission's services also pursue.
We certainly need more study of this and of the effects of the growing concentration of large businesses.
International lecturing (women's rights, biotechnology, genetic engineering).
If painful decisions have to be made - and we know they do from time to time - then it behoves the managers to make them in a fair way, with full discussion with the workforce, enabling them to take part in the search for solutions for their shared future.
But it certainly struck the wrong note in the very first week of the presidency - and I think Mr Salafranca was extremely tactful in how he referred to this, for which I am grateful to him - for a finance minister to express his views so outspokenly and undiplomatically that we can only fear that consensus and confidence will now be very hard to find.
6. the fight against internationacr l ime, drug-trafficking and fiaud;
The next European summit will look at the regular six-monthly report by the Social Affairs Council, the ECOFIN Council and the Commission on the employment situation within the European Union.
The budget for each of these six years is established in accordance with the financial plans of the programmes in force, taking account of the execution delays or advances.
able to meet the entry conditions. From the point of view of the Committee of Inquiry it is interesting as a variant on the white-listing theme and as an example of the sort of private-sector, self-help approaches to the problems of transit discussed below.
I believe that Renault's conduct in this matter may do much to poison the position and hinder the hitherto non-legislative approach to implementation of the European Works Council Directive.
Chairman of FIME (financial institution for the development of new industrial initia­tives in Southern Italy) (1975-1979).
Secondly, it would be an act of political folly to extend this programme to Eastern Europe and then be unable to fund it.
Sadly, there were many areas in which not much happened, although the problems - the greenhouse effect, for example - are so pressing.
10.03.1948 Member of the European Parliament Ireland FF MEP: 19.07.1994 UPE
This is a poor figleaf for the total absence of concessions on the American side.
The Treaty on European Union confers on Parliament a power of legislative co-
As you know, every thing depends on the procedures in which the Council and the European Parliament take part, and as the Commission is not the only matter of this procedure, it will have to wait and see.
President. - (H-0649/97)
I believe it is important that the part played by culture in regional development, as highlighted in this report, is always understood.
Puerta (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Mr President, I am pleased that we are all taking the opportunity to speak even though we are making the same points, because it already became clear last Thursday that all groups were unanimous.
M.A. in legal studies.
As this is an EU regulation entering direcdy into force in Member States, they will have no opportunity to enact stricter safeguards.
However, ladies and gentlemen, we began our week here with an expression of grief.
That is exactly what we are examining just now and where all of our efforts are being placed.
They are going to know that they are going to get a satisfactory price for what they send into the Community yet they are still going to get their subsidies in Norway.
Graduate of the Paris Institute of Political Sciences (1978).
Gahrton tal policy is concerned, in other words the Union should meet its own targets.
In our view this deadlock raises two questions: one - already discussed here on many occasions - is the need for qualified majority rather than unanimous decision procedure, particularly on the social issues we are so concerned about, at least in our group.
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS
Why should we pursue a policy which increases tension?
They do not usually criticise us for giving opinions when it is too late for them to have any effect.
Can the Commission confirm these reports and indicate what steps might be taken in order to secure the free export by bona fide aid organizations of goods constituting humanitarian aid?
As a result of that accident, three young people lost their lives.
Our workforce is ageing: in ten years' time 80 % of the technology we use today will be outdated but 80 % of the workforce will be working on the basis of knowledge at least ten years old.
I believe that the reports which are to come next - the satellite action plan or our discussion of it so far, the agreement on personal communications services by satellite and the directive or Commission proposal on the subject of the European Union and aerospace - all demonstrate our clear intention to assess the implications of this issue in much greater depth for the benefit of the public, so as to make it clear that this important sector of European industry needs promotion.
0 Member of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (1989-1994).
It is therefore quite logical that it should have supported the Cresson initiative to relaunch the idea of a European voluntary service of young people by creating, in 1996, a new budgetary line B3-1011 designed to fund this action.
In the meantime, Ufe goes on and, in the followup to Essen, the first steps are about to be taken in the process of renewal and change on the labour market.
General descriptions and wishful thinking have no place in a legal text.
This is what this report is about.
I wish to con gratulate our rapporteur, Javier Sanz Fernández, for his fortitude and perseverance.
But unfortunately it is always the bad news which gets the big headlines while the good news, that we have actually managed to trace so much of it, receives no publicity at all.
Ladies and gentlemen, you will understand that my group cannot accept the ban imposed by this paragraph.
I share your disappointment as the Commission worked for the inclusion of a right for the Parliament in this respect during the summit.
window now, and at last there also seems to be a reasonably concrete project beneath the financial aspect.
Czech Republic, we slam the brakes on, whereas Russia is receiving unUmited credit, and slowly but surely this wUl place our savers at risk.
DIRECTORATE GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
0 National leader of the youth organization of AN.
In the end, I think that if no solutions are found to them, then the circus should simply be wound up.
Member State governments must put in place a favourable tax regime which will encourage and reward enterprise, bear ing in mind that a tax concession which encourages enterprise is far more cost-effective than the payment of social welfare to the unemployed.
Miller (PSE). - Mr President, I would like to pick up a comment of Mr Andrews.
24.04.1939 Public representative and farmer Ireland FG MEP: 17.07.1979 PPE
Wohlfart. - (FR) Not only from the perspective of the regions of the United Kingdom, Mr President.
It goes a great way to removing toe inequality that exists not only for women, but also for men and women who are victimized because of their sexual orientation.
Let us be quite clear that the regulation on leghold traps provided for two distinct options for countries wanting to avoid restrictions on the import of fur: either they could forbid the use of leghold traps or they could use trapping methods which comply with internationally agreed humane trapping standards.
Another group of Member States presented data on specific cost categories.
With much humility, I would ask my colleagues to accept, in a spirit of compromise and conciliation, that this number be brought from twenty up to twenty-two and that
I would Uke to ask him if he will bring forward a plan by the end of 1997 on this?
Is the Commission prepared to expand considerably the system of framework agreements for NGO aid?
The graph below shows the number of prosecutions brought in connection with transit fraud in the EU from 1989 to 1995.
The shape and materials to be used in toe Euro coin were discussed for the first time by toe Council of toe Union's finance ministers on 27 January.
Debates of the European Parliament
Thè first is the importance of involving the social partners in decision making, application and monitoring of the structural funds.
And anyone can learn, as I do, toat on toe pretext of special bilateral relationships France is very often to be found occupying a neo-colonial position, a charge that is only too well founded and against which France has no defence.
I would remind you that the Commission has 27 veterinary inspectors for 15 Member States, to deal with all the legislation, third countries' imports and so on.
It is true that we must create the conditions for more balanced trade between the European Union and Mediterranean third countries and promote the growth of intra­regional trade
We know full well that he is not without fault.
Draft budget for 1998, p. 52 -7.
Today, we should place on record our amazement at the attitude of the Council, which amended Article 8 on commitology, and decided to consult Parliament again.
European Training Foundation ­ Turin
Former chairman of the works council of IBA Emscher Park GmbH; former member of the super­visory board of IBA Emscher Park GmbH.
There is something of a conflict between potential opportunities and exactions here.
We have some concern about whether enough reflection has been given by Parliament - and certainly not enough in our own group - to say that we want to see majority voting in Council also for the area of direct taxation. We have brought ourselves to the point of accepting that,
President. - Mr Pirker's office was kind enough to inform you, but it was not kind enough to inform us as well.
I do not believe this to be an issue for the Committee on Budgetary Control only; it is a problem that brings in other areas of responsibUity also.
Portugal was the first country to aboUsh the death penalty and whole life imprisonment.
The issue of rising levels of technetium-99 in seafood in the Irish Sea has already been dealt with in the replies to written questions E-0443/97 by Mrs Pollack (') and P-2225/97 by Mrs McKenna.
EN and FR into SV texts relating to education, vocational training, employment and social affairs texts relating to finance and public accounting
This syndrome may occur with a higher incidence in patients with polycystic ovarian disease.
Answer
As a result.of these investigations, all the main participants in the criminal networks responsible for dispatching bananas into the Community have been anested and their assets have been seized to ensure payment of customs duties totalling 15 MECU.
that became apparent during the 'mad cow' issue.
You will easily understand that this concerns us.
The directive provides that, before a contract is concluded, the consumer must be aware of such things as the price, the most important features, the method of payment and, where appropriate, the cost of delivering the goods or services.
QUESTION: How often do customs authorities insist that individual or flatrate guarantees be used in transit operations with heavily-taxed goods?
paradigm shift. Now, I am perfectly happy about this - I said so before, I am democratic here - and if Parliament and the Commission adopt that by a majority then of course it will be done.
Firstly, does the Treaty respond to the aspirations, hopes and expectations of the peoples of the European Union?
I would rather he had said that the major politicallysensitive issues were about how we could really strengthen employment creation and the social dimension, move forward on creating a better environment, better consumer protection, better public health.
Banking consisting of tiny loans, based on trust in a small group, but without material guarantees.
In reply to questions by Mr Kellett-Bowman, Mr Bosch, Mrs Kjer-Hansen and Mr Perry, the representatives of the import-export agents present stated that some fraud had been perpetrated by or through corrupt customs officials.
In general it can be said that much of the noise, though certainly not all, is linked to transport.
The new system should make it possible to extend this period of validity to twelve wine years, and this should include the rights currently held by wine growers.
The bulk of this amount is allocated to two subsidies, firstly to combat forest fires (which means that the subsidy will primarily benefit the Mediterranean countries) and also to AVS countries, primarily the former colonies.
Resumption of session
Wohlfart - (FR) Mr President, in his supplementary question Mr Camisón Asensio has already given us the tragic record of road accidents in the European Community: not only loss of human life but also a huge number of injured - 1, 600, 000.
Van Dijk (V). - (NL) Mr President, this kind of problem is far from simple, it is all connected with so-caUed political correctness and we must be careful here in this House; 'seksuele geaardheid' (sexual orientation) is a very correct term, also politically correct term, in Dutch society and that is the one that should be used in this report.
How to register, p. 20
1-EdN: Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations
Happily, how ever, we are now much more at one, which no doubt says something about changing attitudes but equally may have to do with the changing nature of Japan-EU relations.
In this context, they collect information through various interested parties and verify it.
An antitrust investigation has also been carried out in the USA by the Federal Trade Commission.
Out of these twelve, three - i.e. one quarter - concern consumer policy, and more precisely access to justice, guarantees and consump
The export of chemicals to third countries is regulated within the Community by Council Regulation 2455/92, which makes the voluntary international agreement on export/import of chemicals called the Prior Informed Consent (PIC), negotiated under the auspices of UNEP and FAO, binding for Member States.
As far as Meda is concerned, his criticism was directed at programmes which are programmes of the past.
Limits on Application of Guarantee
♦ a teacher training element;
The amendments we now accept would have the following effect.
Verweerde (PPE), in writing. - (FR) On one hand, I wish to congratulate Mr Soulier on his report on nuclear industries in the European Union.
The role of the cigarette producers 6.6.
This does not prevent current law from having limits.
Mr Bowe's report shows quite clearly that those selfsame mistakes which a previous generation of politicians made are about to be repeated.
Then Quasimodo would have been credible.
The strong bias in the draft framework towards supranationality in Foreign and Defence policy and the proposal to transfer important parts of the cooperation on Justice and Home Affairs to the Fhst Pillar is also ill thought out.
I. The defence industry is not very different from other industrial branches.
It is impossible not to ask, in cases where companies' products are subject to widespread and large-scale fraud, to what extent those companies are aware of what is
(The sitting was opened at 10 a.m.)
And that embargo is still in force. There was the decision in principle to Uft conditionally toe embargo on certain derived products, which was taken on the basis of the scientific data available to the Commission at toe time.
The Official Gazette is a multilingual publication in all official languages of the European Union.
First, in some of these amendments you are asking that the monthly subsidies should be retained at their present level.
It is for this reason that processed agricultural goods are eligible for a refund in respect of incorporated agricultural products.
Secondly, the introduction of the euro will form an integral part of the solution to the problem of unemploy­ment, because the euro will bring Europe greater growth.
President - I shall therefore now suspend the sitting.
Austria
Debates of the European Parliament
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, finally I come to Category 5 of the financial perspectives, that is, expendi­ture relating to the administrative operation of the Union institutions.
We know what giving a certain message in a certain way means.
12.08.1939 Member of the European Parliament, former lecturer United Kingdom
This new ac­counting approach makes for a clearer reading of the expenditure relating to the fisheries sector.
That said, I can assure you that the Commission will do all that is necessary for all of the European Parliament's budgetary prerogatives to be honoured and for a transparent solution to be found.
For this reason these monetary matters have a great deal to do with general development; so I should like to complain here that we are using the discussion on Agenda 2000 - which comes next and in which such hesitant attempts are being made to leave an intervention system for one producing quality products - as a way of submitting in the European Parliament the brave outline of a new agricultural policy lying beyond all agro-industrial logic.
Unfortunately, though, there is no legislation here.
Liikanen. - (SV) Of course we must improve our relation ship with the people in all the Member States.
It also contains a certain number of possible scenarios for a new Community policy in this sector.
Perhaps the best service which the Commission can render at European level is to ensure that information and expertise is available and shared within the European Union in order that we can build on the existing pool of knowledge and practice.
Europe can play a major role here, firsdy by drawing up a list of the region's economic requirements and above all by seeking, by means of an active presence, to underwrite politically the independence of these countries, the furtherance of de mocracy and the rights of minorities.
For these two reasons, I think that this final European Parliament should be very useful for you. We are pro foundly attached to democracy and the powers of the European Parliament.
That is what is behind this whole issue.
Worse still, the Commission says in its reply that in such circumstances it is perfectly entitled to ask for such guarantees of loyalty.
Copies of the full report are easily available in each Member State -see back page.
It is vital for the European Union to guarantee its energy independence by continuing to develop clean and renewable energy sources.
The Commission must draw up guidelines for the evaluation of protocols which are about to expire, as well as future protocols.
Fabre-Aubrespy (I-EDN). - (FR) Madam President, our group will be voting in favour of Mr Mulder's report.
Questions to the Council and Commission
Concerning the report on mainstreaming drawn up by Mrs Kokkola, I am pleased to note the similarity of views between Parliament and the Commission on this essential issue of the promotion of gender equality and the integration of a gender perspective into all Community policies.
That is what I think and this is the message I wished to convey, while giving my thanks to the Chairman, to the Rapporteur and, with my impres sions, to the Commission.
Participation in on-going Tempus Networking Projects for those partner countries not eligible for Tempus support in a given academic year (please refer to Annex 2 - Partner country eligibility for participation per application deadline).
Question No 116 by James Fitzsimons (H-0092/97) Subject: Severe effect of soaring European paper prices on large users of paper in heland
05.04.1961 Member of the European Parliament United Kingdom Lab. MEP: 19.07.1994 PSE
It was a purely technical consideration.
I would urge Members to look very closely at Amendments Nos 23 and 24 which, far from making life more difficult for small retailers, actually make it easier for them.
No
First reading - follow-up procedure
The abolition of internal frontiers has led to a reduction in the number of staff, in equipment and in funds.
Algeria is an important partner of the European Union in the Barcelona process.
B4-0247/97 by Mrs Miranda de Lage and others, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Social ists, on the situation of the Mapuche people in the province of Neuquén in Argentina;
More importantly, the enormous insecurity which the Caribbean producers feel at this time demands a speedy response and a response which gives the proper priority to this issue.
The resolution which the Committee on Agriculture voted for unanimously covers the following points: it stresses the importance of the forestry sector as a source of employment and wealth and points out that the commercial utilization of forests should be a priority.
The Energy Charter Protocol on energy efficiency and related environmental aspects constitutes a good basis for
Members of the Administrative Council
But we must also be aware that the situation in the EU Member States in this respect varies enormously. While Austria, for example, has made a lot of progress, other countries have not done so well.
Former deputy in the Assembly of the Republic.
The fact is that there is something unique about agricultural expenditure which makes it different from other expenditure in the budget.
We know that the necessary changes are structural in nature and we know what we have to do.
Having said that, I think it presents ultimate ethical dilemmas, and the ethical dilemma which I face can be summarized as: What do I say to the parents and family of a child suffering from cystic fibrosis if no hope is held out for serious scientific research in that area.
Fabra Vallés (PPE). - (ES) Madam President, the elimination of internal frontiers resulting from the single European market as of 1992 marked the take-off of the Community transit problem.
Public Relations officer - Italy (1988-1994) Advertising assistant - France (1986-1987)
The Commission should not reward Member States for promises.
• the United Nations International Drug Control Programme
In both cases, the danger of such privatization can be averted by involving the legislator in setting the objective, for example as an element in an EC Directive.
The constructive position of Parliament in writing this report and the debate which has since taken place with the Commission on many aspects of it is unfortunately ill­rewarded this evening, with all due respect to the Commissioner present, due to the absence of Commissioner Van den Broek.
House accepted the Commission's statement on mad cow disease, and one of the Commission's conclusions and proposals was that all æts related to public health should in future be based on the codecision procedure.
That is why the Committee on External Economic Relations has already done so much
The EU is in fact the leading donor - 54 % compared with less than half this figure granted by the United States.
As for reality, Ford understood what reality meant when it paid its workers so much.
The demons of nationaUsm are old.
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has made a promise, and you all know very well that we have applied the subsidiarity principle.
(B4-0656/97) by Mr Puerta 'and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the human rights situation in Peru;
The common position shall be entered as the first item on the agenda of the firstmeeting of the committee responsible following the date of itscommunication. communication.
Each national administration will maintain databases for movement data, guarantees issued, list of approved customs offices, authorised business partners etc.
Votes
In this Parliament we do not often pay tribute to the memory of a figure unconnected with the world of politics.
If, however, these naval yards tender for civilian contracts within the European Union, they are immediately at a disadvantage due to the fact that they do not receive the same subsidy as civilian yards.
Papoutsis. - (EL) Mr President I should like to assure Mr Smith that the European Commission and EURATOM will continue their efforts and monitoring in all the plants, including the new ones, to ensure that they respect new technologies and technological development.
Whitehead tinian Legislative Council, is here to meet the relevant delegations of toe European Parliament.
The initialling in January 1997 of a mutual assistance protocol with the Swiss authorities represents potentially significant progress and is to be welcomed, its implementation however merits close monitoring.
The future of social protection is a matter of great importance for the European Union. It is time for the social protocol to be included in the Treaty.
Tomorrow, the Members of the European Parliament wiU be called upon to vote on a resolution stemming from the Committee of Inquiry's report.
') See Annex 'Question Time'.
Debates of the European Parliament
The resolution on Mochovce adopted by the European Parliament on 15 March 1995 was based upon the possibility that a Euratom loan be granted to the Slovak government for the completion of two units of the Mochovce Nuclear Power Plant.
As far as sardines are concerned, the Commission pro posed to the Council a series of measures designed to conserve sardine stocks, but the Council was not able to take a decision.
Straight talking is all they will understand! That is why I support the demands made in the rrotion before us.
A varied Community, in my view at least, needs various solutions.
And this is no accident.
It then goes on to talk about continuing violation of human rights in Ethiopia.
We urgently need to get away from the 'catch it or lose it' mentality.
The Commission is not aware of the draft law to which the Honourable Member refers.
A new and preoccupying element is the reported alliance between militias Babembe and the armed Burundi opposition, the CNDD, in South Kivu. It corresponds to the declared ideological aim of the perpe­trators of the Rwandan genocide and their Burundian
Parliament may amend the draft budget; it has the last word on what is called non-compulsory expenditure; it approves the Commission's management of the budget; it rejects or adopts the budget itself, and the signature of the President of Parliament is required for the adopted budget to come into force.
The salary is paid by each Member State.
Howitt (PSE). - Mr President, I speak from local experience of the zerotolerance campaign run in Thurrock in my constituency.
When looking at this issue I have tried to avoid going into the institutional aspects as much as possible.
This was a hope which has now unfortunately come to nothing.
In conclusion, I would ask the Commissioner to harmonize the procedures and laws relating to transport between European ports, given the importance of the role of coastal transport.
It is also of the utmost importance for a computerized system to work to the advantage of the principal.
It is never too late to do good.
We now have 17.5 % of households living below the poverty line and one in three children live in poverty in the UK.
I think that we are talking about two different issues, i.e. the status of the WTO panel and taking into account WTO declarations concerning market disturbances and the European Union's position.
Visit to DUS trials of Hydrangea.
Since 1996, in line with the prevailing rationale in that country, measures have been taken, pursuant to a political decision, to ignore radioactive contamination and to revitalize the contaminated areas by replanting the fields and encouraging people to resettle the land.
Objective 6 was constructed along the tines of Objective 1, and thus also contains Less Favoured Area support for agriculture.
The Association alerted the company, which managed to trace the consignment and place it under special surveillance so as to ensure that the transit procedure was duly completed.
Debates of the European Parliament
• the defence of freedom, democracy, respect for human rights, fundamental freedoms and the rule of law, • the creation of an economic and monetary union, including a stable, single currency, • solidarity between the Union's peoples, • the promotion of social and economic progress, • the establishment of a common citizenship, • the development of a common foreign and security
0 Member of the national leadership of the PDS.
From this point of view the policy of real services is about strategic choices which promote training and internationalization.
We must never forget: if there had been no Commission, if there had been no Parliament, we should still be dealing with fifteen totally partitioned telecommunications markets, fifteen monopolies or virtual monopoUes.
You have followed the matter through, even though last year you were unable to find a majority in the Commission in favour of withdrawing the proposal completely.
So thank you, Mrs Reding, and we hope that tomorrow your report will be passed by a unanimous Parliament.
In continuing and deepening this policy, the Commission published a document on the next steps in relations between Europe and Japan.
Debates of the European Parliament
This has been a slow procedure and the result is that some of the timing dates mentioned in the proposal are now out of date.
More importance will be attached to investment and we will seek closer coordination and cooperation with the international financial institutions.
I never want to hear it said in our capitals again that the lives of African refugees have the same value as the lives of our own citizens.
The second question the European Parliament is currently considering is the fiche d'impact.
So, when taking stock, we also have to take stock of the progress that has been achieved.
Mr. Jacob Söderman, former Finnish Parliamentary Ombudsman, was elec ted the first European Ombudsman in 1995.
0 Special adviser to the Secretary-General of the Council of Europe (1984-1989).
We of the Liberal Group also like this report of Mrs Reding's.
The importance of preventing excessive interpretation or identification between the tourist industry and the promotion of cultural policies is recognized, but we would like to stress this to make it even clearer.
Kirsten Jensen, Blak, Sindal and Iversen (PSE), in writing. ­ (DA) The Danish social democrats seriously doubt the relevance of the European Parliament express­ing any views at all on the status of non­conventional medicine, partly because we have not been asked for an opinion, and partly because the subtext here may be that many practitioners could benefit from public health insur­ance schemes with the help of recognition from the EU, and we do not think that the EU has or should have any powers at all to become involved.
In any case, if you look at what is actually being.done in the Member States to connect schools - and the informal Council in Amsterdam adopted a report by the Swedish minister which showed how this is done in Sweden and wants to use it to formulate guidelines for the Union as a whole - then you wUl see that much of it is financed by private initiative, at least in the initial stage.
Trained as journalist.
That is why lifelong learning, and hence Leonardo, is of vital importance to our future and must therefore be given absolute priority.
The text of the environmental guarantee is insufficiently, clear to be of use to a Member State wishing to impose tighter environmental standards than those established at EU level.
Bonus regulations detrimental to quality production, such as trimmings thickness regulations or second premiums for castrated male cattle, must receive urgent amendment.
Where discrepancies between guidelines in use exist at the international level, an attempt should be made to consolidate the guidelines, failing which the differences should be recorded.
That will have, of course, also to ensure that no decision is taken in favour of one party or the other.
Mr Mulder's report shows that toe Commission's action was unfortunately also dictated by other criteria.
In accordance with these principles, the report will first describe and analyse the existing transit systems, assess their weaknesses and defects, look into the origins of and the responsibilities for the problems arising and ask basic questions about the existence and operation of transit in the EU economy.
We also have to recognize that these economies are not all the same: some are advancing faster than others and some are advancing in different sectors, so that it needs a very wide approach, but nonetheless a very specific approach as far as each of the countries is concerned.
Kinnock, Nell have decided to stay with us - there is no doubt that the transport business today is a truly European business in a way that few others are.
I shall refer to demographic, constraints, the advent of new technologies, the information society, restructuring, increased economic interdependence and the need to give Europe a more marked international stature.
The State has been replaced by violent organizations or drug mafias.
Important decisions still require unanimity among the governments -but as voters, we no longer need to be asked.
Debates of the European Parliament
If there is one thing about this initiative that concerns and puzzles me, it is this: will the statistics programme simply be applied by the Commission to Community research which, taking everything in context, is already well coordinated?
■ Delegation for relations with Slovenia Chair: Michel Ebner (EPP, I) ι Delegation to the EU-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee Chair: Pieter Dankert (PES, NL)
It is necessary to attain for organic agriculture comprehensive, sufficiently strict uniform standards which every producer, distributor and retailer who opts for agricultural production methods must comply with.
I know that Mr de Vries and others always object if there are more than five items, and I just wonder whether it is allowed under the Rules of Proce dure.
The chairman requested a detailed discussion and then we learn that Commissioner Fischler wiU no longer be present this evening after 6.00 p.m.
In addition, sea creatures are sense lessly kUled by these socalled 'ghost nets'.
The German authorities in particular, who, besides having by far the largest number of transit operations, also have to cope with the collection of data in a federalised and as yet uncomputerised customs service, had a great difficulty in providing the figures requested by the Committee within the rimescale requested.
Secondly, to the knowledge of the Association, there is no sufficiently close cooperation between authorities in the individual countries, including the Commission.
Mrs Klaß was right when she said that the areas of poorer land should be the ones to be set aside.
The World Trade Organization is, in my view, the appropriate forum in which to raise trading relations with Japan.
Mr McCluskey, the Commission representative and Chairman of this Working Group, outlined a new draft Regulation based on the observations and suggestions made earlier by the Management Board.
Schaffner (UPE). - (FR) Mr Hory, I fear that I do not really see eye to eye with you on this motion for a
There is a pressing need for provisions in an EU context that will increase motivation to do research on genetically determined diseases.
The debate is closed.
Secondly, I believe that we should seek a procedure to ensure more effective monitoring of the agreement by national parliaments, as already proposed by the Europe of Nations Group.
If Member States wish to extend exemptions or reductions in the rate of duty, they must be able to provide good reasons for doing so, and these must not conflict with the principles of the single market, fair competition and a sustainable policy on the environment.
The Portuguese reservation is not based on the same grounds as the Greek reservation.
The desire to cream off the most profitable sectors for the benefit of private enterprise, leaving the remainder as a public service has thus been put in check for the next few years.
For this Pact, which has no legal base, to be politically more acceptable the Council has added to the title the word 'Growth' without actually changing .the content of the document.
Election of Quaestors (continuation)
I should like to emphasize one point in particular: precisely because it is important for us to act together at Community level, the guidelines will have to be much more binding, so that they can actually be applied and implemented in practice.
If you read the report, and obviously you did read it because that is precisely what it says, you cannot use it as a criticism of the Commission.
Customs law ignores the fact that the principal has also been defrauded, i.e, that it is the criminal behaviour of a third party which has forced the principal into the role of customs debtor. The principal - who has played no part in the fraud - is held no less responsible, with the result that the principle underlying the transit procedure is increasingly being questioned.
I did not want to let this opportunity pass without welcoming the Council's decision to create an Observatory for Racism and Xenophobia which will undoubtedly contribute to better analysis of racist and xenophobic phenomena and their causes, and to effective exchange of experiences and information.
President. - Thank you, Commissioner.
In my own constituency of Birmingham, we have just heard the sorry tale of Objective 3 submissions.
Daskalaki because of its delay in acting after the conflagration had started.
In a meeting of May 23,1996, the EVO Advisory Group customs and International Trade decided to establish an ad hoc group to explore this problem and to make proposals for change.
But the threshold of what is tolerable is soon crossed, and the vast protest movement in France has just given notice of that to the Government.
Your swan song is stylish and as the accused Mr Wijsenbeek has already said, tomorrow we hope, I as his counsel and he as the accused, to ensure that the important matter of the refusal by Mr Wijsenbeek to show his passport at Rotterdam Airport is submitted to you under principles 8A and 7A of the treaty for a preliminary ruling.
Every year weapons of this type kill or maim more than 25,000 people, mostly civilians.
That is why my group supported the tabling of a censure motion.
Over and above that, however, the need for progressive structural reforms was emphasized by the G7, especially as regards the reform of the pension systems and the role delegated to the pension funds.
Between 1991 and 1994, its GDP fell to around a third of the 1991 level.
Your delegation is honouring us with your visit at the second inter-Parliamentary meeting with the appropriate delegation of toe European Parliament.
Member of the PR national bureau.
Chairman of the local water distribution association.
Oreja Aguirre, Member of the Commission. - (ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I want to start by thank ing the chairman of the Committee on Institutional Affairs, Mr de Giovanni, for his speech, and the committee and Parliament for tabling these questions which I consider extremely opportune at this time.
We are all concerned, both at home and among our neighbours.
Year
It has demonstrated its value when the procedure is properly applied.
0 Chairman of the youth wing of the Radical Socialist Party (1966-1968).
I should also like to mention that, as regards the sanctions imposed by the United States, we cannot have a dual standard.
I would like to thank him accordingly.
No such proposals have yet bene referred to the Council.
The transitional arrangements have involved complication, waste, increased costs and bureaucracy, and it is the economic operators above all who have to carry that burden.
I am positively against the intentions of this report. We support the practical recommendations.
The Euro pean Parliament could not even bring itself to support the closure of Chernobyl and not completing reactors R4 and K2.
On the other hand, the fact that certain States may introduce more liberal measures which will create a risk of unfair competition and which may compromise equitable cooperation between European Union postal services.
SERONO LABORATORIES (UK) Ltd 99 Bridge Road East Welwyn Garden City Herts/AL7 1BG United Kingdom
SITTING OF TUESDAY, 11 MARCH 1997
Finally, I want to stress that generalized flexibility is certainly not the panacea for all the Union's difficulties.
We can all think of instances in our own lifetimes in certain countries where certain people have been regarded in one light by one group and in another light by another group.
The deteriorating social situation of Turkish workers is discriminatory against these fellow citizens and breaches the terms of the association agreement.
All applicants will be informed of the selection results in writing.
That is aheady one reason for not criticising him too severely, but he would have been weU advised to come here if only to listen to what Mr McGowan had to say.
The Parliament is now in its fourth legislative term (1994-99), and consists of 626 Members.
Our demand for the rejection of Maastricht is being shown to have been right.
Harmonisation of the curricula to comply with the EU directives for regulated professions (doctor, pharmacist, dentist, midwife, nurse, veterinary surgeon, architect)
Secondly, the codecision procedure has been considerably simplified, mainly by abolishing the third reading which Parliament so abhorred.
As toe Honourable Member points out Ares can cause major damage in almost one half of Europe's wooded.areas, and the Commission is very much aware of this problem.
• Appropriations carried over • Payments made • Cancelled appropriations
Although Finland’s current account surplus has been sound for the past ten years, GNP growth is set to slow to around 2% by 2010 and drop even further after that.
All of these elements are determining factors. They must be encouraged and even built upon.
It is also remarkable that it is even being kept secret from the Swedish Government.
The Commission is not in a position to make a cost-effective evaluation, but we can have an external body do so if you want, for the sake of accountability to the taxpayer.
On the other hand, the wording of point 13 is, to say the very least, equivocal and there could be perverse readings, which means that the expected revision of the regulations governing the Structural Fund might be withdrawn, some thing which of course we could not go along with.
Now it is necessary to carry out quickly the measures which Parliament's Committee of Inquiry has recommended.
It is important that the meeting of the Baltic Council this month will also make evaluations of the implementation of the pro gramme.
This is the only way to reach a permanent solution, and the only way in which we can hope to cooperate successfuUy with Turkey - which is, after aU, a European country.
Votes, p. 61 - 4.
2 gas emissions is not something new; the proposed amend­ ment inspired by the Council proposes to strengthen monitoring.
It is right that this service should offer social protection, recognition and remuneration.
I also agree totally with the statement from the Economic Committee and the argument that there is reason to be deeply concerned over the future of social protection in Europe.
What is particularly disturbing is that, although the fishing zone has been extended in principle from six to twelve nautical miles, a smaller number of vessels still have access to coastal waters to the detriment of the
It is important, when we are placing so much emphasis on one aspect of increasing education qualifications and increasing the opportunities for lifelong learning, that we provide a proper regulatory framework for employment creation in that area.
Van Miert. - Firstly, in reply to the first part of the question, transport aid can be given and therefore this region in Sweden benefits from a kind of special treat ment.
Some of the debate so far has shown, however, that we have quite different views on what an environmental
The European Parliament has always been very active in this area, providing endless reports and resolutions, forc ing the individual states to take restrictive measures and to adopt a clear agenda. The Rio Summit in 1992, made this
The States of the southern Mediterranean seaboard must be enabled to achieve higher Uving stand ards, with know-how transfer replacing development aid.
For years now, I think it is five years, we have had the Maritime Forum in the shipbuilding sector and I believe it has been successful.
No one shall be excluded from the discussions at the start.
You had better check the lists as well, please.
Top priority must be given to joint research projects in the ICT sector.
It is the politicians who are trying to impose and assert their own nationalistic beliefs, and this is why I am by no means reluctant to impose conditions, and why I am also not particularly troubled by comments that our conditions are simply designed to restore Yugoslavia to how it used to be.
Brok (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, Mr President of the Council, ladies, and gentlemen, first I want to thank the President of the Council, Foreign Minister van Mierlo and Mr Patijn and their team for the real spirit of cooperation they showed Elisabeth Guigou and myself in the past months.
We are bound to the principle of the eco-social market economy and ecology represents an important basic constituent of life for us.
0 Member of Parliament (until 1995).
Answer
Debates of the European Parliament
Mrs Green (PSE). - I agree, that is what I said.
Tappin (PSE). - Mr President, I should like to congratulate Mr Kellett-Bowman on his two reports.
The joint fight against organised crime can also be mentioned as an area where combined efforts have been made and there is a strong chance that these will be successful within the framework of international cooperation.
There is a good deal of work still to be done, starting with the more sensitive areas where little progress has been made, such as institutional reform.
He informs the complainant of the outcome of the inquiries, of the opinion expressed by the institution or body and of any recommendations that he has made.
The examples below show that codecision can often be responsible for improvements in people's daily lives.
Finally, I would like to congratulate the noteworthy conciliatory effort made by our Vice-President Nicole Fontaine, and our rapporteur Mr Hoppenstedt.
This time, assisted by Mr Fabra Vallés's report, we are looking at the management, or rather the nonmanagement, of the MED programmes.
So is there a programme along these lines?
I am well aware that the rapporteur for the Energy Committee, Mr Soulier, is very impressed by nuclear power, but it is not the­ purpose óf the Union to promote it.
President. - Thank you, Commissioner.
Although we have good reason today to celebrate forty years of the Treaty of Rome, which have brought peace and at least relative prosperity to a large part of Europe and to the people there, we also have reason to worry about the future of Europe.
This is a very timely moment since we can hope to put pressure on our governments and on the Commission for the IGC to agree to acknowledge sport as such and not only through the budgetary chapter on 'information and communication'. tion'.
Novo Belenguer (ARE). - (ES) Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioners, today sees us beginning to mark out and trace the path we will be following in the early years of the next millennium.
Supplementing the measures taken by the Member States in the customs sphere, this European Union programme seeks to develop and modernise customs administrations by improving the effectiveness of procedures and checks at the Union's external border.
') Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes.
Further to the uproar in Greece following allegations that hazardous and toxic waste was being transported from Piraeus Port Authority installations and deposited at the Liosia refuse dump, does the Commission know whether Greece has introduced an appropriate system for the supervision and control of shipments of waste within its jurisdiction as laid down by Regulation
Is the Commission aware of the existence of agencies operating in North West London and across the European Union offering to secure EU funding for clients in return for a percentage of the sum secured?
Together, we experienced a conference in Singapore which opened against a background of heavy scepticism.
Question No 70 by Carlos Pimenta (H-0661/97) Subject: NASA/Cassini Mission
On the other hand, the Malaysian Head of State even welcomed the fact that the accession of Burma meant the addition of another centrally, albeit not entirely democratically, governed State.
BSE must be wiped out but that will take time. We have seen other outbreaks in other countries recently.
Whereas production and consumption in the West have remained the same in this period, deforestation is continuing and support through develop ment aid, as you yourself have said, is actually being reduced.
Before tackling the content of the proposals I should like to say this, with some emphasis.
The House may recall that this approach has also been chosen on the same issue in the Distance Selling Directive which was discussed here earlier today.
I think it is a very good thing for our citizens to know where they can obtain satisfaction.
Population development, in fact, is a sort of key concept for many policy areas and, moreover, for many ways of making policy, and this has also become very clear during the course of the discussion.
Graenitz (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, Mr Bangemann has explained to us at great length why things that should have happened long ago have still not happened.
Secondly, the immigrant population which arrives accidentally in our countries under these condition, must not be considered as having a vocation to stay here for good.
Unfortunately this has been under-used because of the charges imposed.
In the event of regular professional misconduct, the penalty ranges from three months to five years' imprisonment (Section 373 of the Tax Law).
It was a French initiative, in the early 80s, to ensure that clock changing dates were harmonized at Community level, once summertime had been adopted by all Member States.
That is clearly established and institutionalized in the treaty as regards economic and monetary union.
An earlier Commission communiqué told us that some 30,000 firms go under each year because of this problem, which translates into something like 300,000 jobs.
I just wanted to point out that this means toat in some mysterious way parts of the verbatim report of proceed ings for December have found theh way into the verbatim report of proceedings for February, namely Wednesday.
An amnesty can only make sense if combined with an equally radical approach to reform of the system itself.
An important area of competence of the Administrative Council is also, as mentioned above, the designation of competent offices to undertake technical examinations for categories of plants.
We must urgently commit ourselves to a process of renovating and improving the CAP.
There is only one reading on that proposal on toe table because it is proposed under Article 43.
It seems clear that we must continue to establish and use the precautionary principle as the basis on which the Directive is constructed.
A vehicle can cross any internal EU frontier without checks normally taking place and, in the absence of any prescribed itineraries, even if a vehicle were to be checked and were not on any reasonable route between its point of departure and alleged point of destination, it would still not be committing any infraction if the 8-day deadline had not expired.
But the matter does not stop there, Mrs Cresson.
Now we know that the Austrian, Dutch and German governments are blocking a decision on this loan guarantee regulation.
That is how we have come to propose an improved definition of controls and the controllability of production, strengthening consumer protection, banning genetically modified organisms, genetic manipulation and living virus vaccinations.
What positive measures has the Commission taken to encourage Member States to transpose Council Decision 91/396/EEC (') of 29 July 1991 on the introduction of a single European emergency call number (112) in the Member States of the European Union, with the aim of ensuring that this takes effect as soon as possible, particularly in those countries concerned by the policy on economic and social cohesion?
In its budgetary orientation debate the Commission also decided on a new method to re-estabUsh budgetary rigour.
The European Union, through its Phare programme, has offered support for training for officials in the Visegrad countries, but there are some doubts as to how effective this has been in reaching officers on the ground.
How is it possible for our economic ayatollahs to try and cut fair spending in fair activities and yet continue to overlook the billions of ECU robbed from the Community in VAT -something that not only cheats the Community and the interests of its Member States, but also harms real com petitiveness and fair competition, and firms' ability to survive?
Newens (PSE). - Madam President, although the Indonesian General Election is not due to take place until 29 May, which is a week today, the result is not in doubt.
Emphasizing the importance of the smooth and efficient functioning of the Customs Convention on the International Transport of Goods under Cover of TIR Carnets (TIR Convention, 1975) to facilitate international transport and trade,
He said that it was also necessary to recognise the role played by traditional systems of which many coun tries were rightly proud.
I gave a good example of something that has been successful. Parliament is aware that there are countries which have had good experience of concluding environmental agreements, but the difficulty is precisely, as Mr Florenz indicated, that of knowing who in the world fits the bill at European level within the individual areas, and that is something we need to find out in concrete terms.
That is how codecision was turned into a simple consultation of Parliament, and it was done by a unilateral decision of the Council, with an abstention from one Member State.
Equipment for dissemination of results is eligible but on a very limited scale.
Notwithstanding the crisis described in this report and the substantial damage it has caused, the Committee of Inquiry has nevertheless concluded that transit arrangements are vital to the economic interests of the European Union and its citizens.
All Members of this House are free to attend the meetings and to hear the explanations given by the Commission.
Wiebenga (ELDR). - (NL) Mr President, it is indeed most important that we as the European Parliament, as members elected directly by the voters, should be discuss ing terrorism here.
Debates of the European Parliament
Below you will find a selection of missions undertaken by members of the CPVO staff in 1998.
The answer given by Commissioner Monti (20 January 1997) indicates that taxfree sales wiU be abolished on 30 June 1999.
Imports of hormonetreated meat
This decision demonstrates how the world free trade system, which we are building, enables rich and powerful multinationals to destroy the livelihoods of poor but hard-working people.
We must commit more resources to stamping out fraud in the European Union. This is the one area where we should be able to agree.
So making 5 per cent of the quotas available to young farmers is very important.
We have a huge amount of unfinished business in that area of competence which is greatly developed but still not finished, namely the harmonization or the further approximation, to be more exact, of indirect taxation, like VAT and excise.
Is it possible that regional aid or any other form of Community support helped Ericsson set up in Scotland and, if so, what conclusions does the Council think should be drawn regarding the future allocation of aid?
We have taken up this formula within the framework of a directive, but if we have taken a social directive, it belongs to Member States to transpose it and apply it.
The fact that patents and monopolies are a prerequisite for continued research in the field of drugs, etc. does not hold as an argument either. The cunent protection regulations are perfectly adequate.
It gives them a warm place to stay, feeds them and even tries to provide them with schooling.
Secondly, contracting good companies may function as an example of good working practice for others.
The delegation was shown examples of exceptionally good forgeries and told how much they cost to obtain.
This process is one of the Union's most creditable external policy actions. Above all when it is considered that the process was launched, got off the ground and was maintained under the adverse conditions of the aggressive United States policy which characterised the Reagan era.
We are not speaking corporately of the importance of the European Parliament but we are talking here about Eu rope's democratic fabric.
What is the budget for?
Nor is there any ban, regulation or control on genetically modified foodstuffs which may be exported from the EU to other countries.
In some Member States social insurance systems include, besides the above-mentioned differentiation in premiums or contributions, other tools to encourage companies to improve safety and health at work; these include:
What is happening in South Korea today should be seen as a grave warning.
I believe that we Members are entitled to a reply to this question from the Bureau and we have not given you carte
Annual report 1997
In the cigarette market, maritime transport has been specifically mentioned.
The Commission indicated that the relevant Monitoring Committee could submit a formal request to the Commission for an extension of a RECHAR Π Programme.
Lindqvist (ELDR). - (SV) I am also from Sweden where we have debated EU staff conditions; we have also debated the employment conditions for Members of Par liament, and both are of course equally important.
May I commend to you, in your capacity as one of the two UK representatives on the European Parliament's Committee of Inquiry into the CT System (as well, of course, as being its Chairman), the enclosed submission to the Committee by The Scotch Whisky Association.
A newly elected Vice-President shall take the place of his predecessor in the orderof precedence.
So I fundamentally agree with the report when it main tains that 'the abolition of checks at internal frontiers must not be accompanied by the introduction of new administrative checks which would infringe human rights'.
Posselt (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, despite grave misgivings which I share with Mrs Schierhuber and Mrs Seillier, I voted in favour of the Rothley report because it contains important amendments regarding the protection
Debates of the European Parliament, published as an annex to the Official Journal of the European Communities, comprise:
The same goes for shorter working hours, teleworking, investment in small businesses with the whole population and all regions being given the same opportunity to participate in the development of the information society.
Under this Directive, each ship must be constructed and maintained in accordance with toe requirements of a classification organization; those organizations must meet high standards of professional competence and shall be under toe strict control of the national authorities and of the Commission.
The fact remains that the affirmation of ethical principles is always unsatisfactory.
Numerous tours as a performer in Europe and ¡n many non-European countries.
In Sweden and in other countries the public sector is very important in providing work, equality and equal pay for both women and men, but particularly for women.
Let us not forget that almost 80 % of accidents at sea are caused primarily by human error or negligence.
Some undertakings, especially those in the third sector, cannot handle such situations because they do not have sufficient funds of their own.
Considering the importance of this dead line, and of the absolute priority given to the fight against unemployment, a priority which has been highlighted on many occasions by your Parliament, I am delighted to have this opportunity to give you the latest information on our proposals.
Garosci (UPE). - (IT) Mr President, let me begin by congratulating you on your reelection and wishing you all the very best.
Anyway, I would like to stress the fact that the policy of equal opportunities is not limited to social policies alone.
It would be counterproductive, since a thorough policy and budgetary discipline are the guarantees for sustainable growth.
What is the Council's view of the action taken by the Dutch police?
Politically, legally and morally, the Council, as the European Union's main legislative body, bears the responsibility for the quality of the legislation adopted.
The new ones must be doublehulled with twin engine rooms, dual propulsion system with separate cargo bay and equipped with the necessary electronic devices.
Debates of the European Parliament
Apart from these matters, the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights concentrated on more methodological issues.
Even though enthusiasm sometimes ebbs, the grand design remains, and we are indeed committed to the peaceful settlement of our differences and, also, to the quest for a common response to the aspirations of our peoples, which must be satisfied jointly.
I think it would be beneficial for all the Member States to speed up their efforts to comply with the prerequisites required for liberalization.
Leonardo da Vinci Technical Assistance Office
We have been through this ourselves in the Netherlands, and we are now reaping the rewards.
ParUament must be able to study the documents in a matter of this sort.
The Commission is therefore particularly pleased about the excellent cooperation with Parliament, and Parliament's recognition of that fact.
But I also understand the disappointment this morning in those other countries which have not been named.
In response, the EU has provided many different forms of assistance – in money and in expertise – to coun -tries taqing on the tasq.
It is to be found inter alia in coins.
If we are to assess the situation in Georgia properly, we must bear in mind - as Mrs Hoff also said - that it is not always easy for the people of Georgia to comprehend the transition from a communist system to a democratic society, since the former Soviet Union provided Georgia with massive economic support because of its geographical position.
Closer cooperation in the field of political dialogue has just complemented our economic relations with the countries of Latin America as well as our main Asian partners.
I still think, as I said in the July debate, that it would be a good thing if these negotiations allowed us to bring Algeria further into the Barcelona process, to enable us to form more bonds with that country through agreement with the European Union.
With a few individual exceptions of honour this Commission is undoubtedly.responsible because it has failed to focus on a situation which could easily become explosive and even uncontrollable.
The Party of European Socialists' amendments seek to remedy some of these defects.
Graduate in law.
Although a regulation came into force on 15 May of this year, we absolutely do not know how this regulation is to be interpreted by the Member States in certain areas.
It has received repeated praise in the Committee of Inquiry for its facilitating role in putting investigators in different Member States in touch with each other, and, as its name suggests, coordinating specific investigations.
0 Moderate Party chairman in Malmöhus county.
That is tantamount to emptying Euro pean democracy of all meaning since there was a Council regulation dating to 1991 and we wanted to stick to it.
In my view, this centralization will, in the longer term, produce the exact opposite of what was intended, by hampering enlargement and restricting governability and democracy.
I particularly welcome the cooperation we are going to see between the poUce and the courts, with an emphasis on training.
Debates of the European Parliament
At the same time it has the nerve to apply for EU support in Spain.
The cloning of human beings, whether experimentally, in the context of fertility treatment, pre-implantation diagnosis, tissue transplantation or for any other purpose whatsoever, cannot under any circumstances be justified and must be banned.
That is why I recommend in particular maintaining all Member States' right to veto in the hope that my country, Flanders, can as quickly as possible become a Member State of the European Union in its own right.
the time she has devoted to bringing this directive to a most a satisfactory phase of conciliation.
European beekeepers are disappearing - there are only 3000 full time beekeepers left in France - yet 126 000 tonnes are imported at around 7 francw per kilo when it costs our beekeepers 14 francs just to produce it.
If we want a single Europe and a single market, there have to be guarantees for credit transfers.
In my view, the single market and the free movement of capital, rather than monetary union, are the factors that require us to think harder about tax harmonization, and ultimately to adopt measures that will promote it.
The. report highlights a number of important issues, which I welcome.
Stenzel (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, whatever the result of the Intergovernmental Conference may be, one thing is certain: applause for that conference will be muted.
That is why the United European Left tabled the motion of censure on toe Commission and why it has voted for it.
Question No 67 by Konstantinos Hatzidakis (H-0411/97)
The .civil components must be at the forefront.
And at the same time they will produce energy which Ukraine does not even need!
The fact that the present text is unclear is down not to the Dutch presidency, but to the impotence of the Council, which has actually succeeded in making the Maastricht Treaty three times as obscure.
For this reason, all these figures, and their possible impact on the contributions of the organizations, as set out in Annex VIII, should be regarded as purely indicative.
Plumb, the Lord (PSE). - Mr President, first I should like to thank Mr Böge for the very competent way that he chaired the many meetings of the committee.
The European Parliament (1958­1994)
Both the exterior and internal security must be part of the new Europe.
Debates of the European Parliament
There is still one outstanding issue - that of terminal dues.
• tumours of the hypothalamus and pituitary gland • case of prior hypersensitivity reaction to FSH.
The reason for this clearly is that the facility for legal persons, commercial companies and so on, to determine whether they are included or not in the public directory is not a fundamental human right but rather a legitimate interest. As a result, it was felt that the arrangements for accommodating the legitimate interest of legal persons would not need to be as prescriptive as those for guaranteeing the right to privacy.
Coordination of the European defence industry will be facilitated by growing unity based on the content of a Common Foreign and Security Policy.
What is certainly true is that the jobs shortage is only one side of the coin; another reason for unemployment is a læk of vocational qualifications.
Agenda 2000, the Santer package - some call it 'Jacques ΙΠ' - means a real reworking of the Union's structural policy, and indeed of such crucial areas of common policy as agriculture and regional policy.
Debates of the European Parliament
Kaklamanis (UPE). - (EL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the subject is not a new one, and has not suddenly descended from the skies like a thunderbolt.
Membership of Parliament
Primarily because the no-bail-out clause in the Treaty is going to be a paper tiger in practice.
The European Parliament, because it is elected, brings democratic legitimacy to the Union's 'unique institutional framework'.
In addition, Members can put oral or written questions to them.
I think it is urgently necessary that the areas proposed by the Dutch presidency that are to be transferred from the thud to the first pillar really do make that transition, to give us the ability to act.
I am telling Parliament that in advance, Mr Martens, and you will recognize your own report in a good many of these orientations.
Grand Cross of Isabel the Catholic.
What is the use of extending the internal market and removing national regulations and bring down borders if the market is riddled with fraud?
I think these are ideas worth considering but of course they need to be deepened and include a specific timetable.
This operation too is regular.
Payment often also originates from such locations.
Varela Suanzes-Carpegna (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, I do not have the Rules of Procedure to hand and am unable to cite any article, but I had no intention of addressing the heart of the matter.
From this point of view there is neither a limitation of the scope of products nor a distortion of competition amongst paints and varnishes based on different raw materials.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Debates of the European Parliament
Logistic control: Distance limitation Automatic Route Control Speedlimitation Area limitation Distance limitation Time/ planning/ routing
I believe this is a joint success on the part of Parliament.
0 Former Member of the National Assembly. Former Prime Minister.
We help no one - certainly not the consumer or the farmer - by further hyping the situation and making outlandish statements that are unprovable and are simply designed to get into the newspaper headlines.
At the working level, participating countries send IT and procedural representatives to the Transit Computerisation Working Party (TCWP).
What was the Commission able to achieve at the seminar held in Bucharest in July on the management and control of EU funds allocated within the framework of Community projects or programmes such as Phare, and how does the Commission evaluate the effectiveness to date of such programmes in the reform of the banking and financial sector in Romania?
0 Director of the CDA research institute.
In this year against racism, we have succeeded in obtain ing approval for the European Monitoring Centre for Racism and Xenophobia, which is to be based in Vienna.
There are great opportunities here to support local and regional cultural life by providing assistance and by developing various cultural activities and cultural institutions which can create both a better cultural exchange and job opportunities which are well distributed over regions and countries.
That is why it is also very important for the Union to allow precisely these fresh experiences, these unspent experiences, if you like, of the new Member States to play a significant part in its deliberations on the reform of structural policy.
Approval of the Minutes Berthu
That is where all the problems have actually arisen.
Examination offices
EDUCATION TRAINING YOUTH
And, if there is a special offer, another two prices again.
This led to a loss of fishing opportunities for European vessels and after the accession of Spain and Portugal in 1986, the problems which they faced then became Com munity problems.
• Emphasising the importance of the cultural in North-South cooperation;
That would involve too much labelling and would confuse rather than inform the consumer.
Question No 14 by Brian Crowley (H-0097/97): Subject: Discriminatory age limits
In general, the interpretation of the criteria of admissibility must take into account that Articles 8d and 138e of the Treaty create rights for European citizens.
(') At present Albania, Bosnia-Herzegovina Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
It will manage it with-a certain reduction in capacity.
There has been some difficulty over the Israeli delegation which was meant to be going to Israel from the 1 to 5 June.
Debates of the European Parliament
This report is a mid-term evaluation of the development problems and structural fund measures.
Rule 80Conclusion of assent procedure
It was not a deputy from the National Front, it was two German parliamentarians, Christian Democrats, from the Bundestag.
Kellett-Bowman (PPE). - Mr President, I regret that the Vice-President of the Commission misquoted me.
Parliament's Supervisory Role
Le Gallou (NI). - (FR) Mr President, although I am opposed to the Government of my country, I find the position of the Council of Ministers more logical than those of the Commission and this ParUament.
We should not just punish those who comply with the law and respect the technical measures. I think that would be unjust.
I have had a meeting with him. The Prime Minister has offered the opportunity of a prison visit, besides certain meetings in Chad this weekend, which I have accepted.
It would surely be wrong if an area which still meets the 75 % threshold failed to qualify for aid just because it is grouped together by the Commission with the most prosperous neighbouring area.
Having said that, I have been keeping in contact with the United States about how it sees the situation and how we can best cooperate in order to have law, order and a democratic country.
WiU there be a similar system of application, etcetera?
At Parliament's insistence, the final version of the pact provides that any interest on deposits made by Member States, and any fines, will be paid into the Community budget.
I must inform you that some Member States also wish to cut back on the present objectives of the programme that I have just stated for you.
It is if China were a defeated country to which Mr McMillan-Scott is dictating terms.
The administrative and financial infrastructure of the Office had to be built up from scratch.
However much we appreciate the work done by Mr Jarzembowski -and we most certainly do - we are by no means entirely happy with the outcome, as he well knows.
0 Has published 15 books on lifestyles and sport.
What I welcome today in the Donnelly report and in the Commission's earlier report, is that this is the type of strategy that enables.
Although the technologies of this information society are creating new products and new services, they will produce substantial social changes, but in the medium and perhaps in the short term, new job opportunities might appear and we must be able to seize them.
In this context, I would indeed welcome what you say in paragraph 2 of the motion for a resolution, namely that policy must remain based on Article 85.
23.4.97 de Silguy sion must take account of all the conditions set by the Treaty for entry to the single currency.
It is about supporting the development of railways and goods traffic to prevent the use of more and more cars in the region which is also an energy problem in view of the increased carbon dioxide.emissions.
We would like that to happen also.
I have done so a number of times but it seems that there is still some misunderstanding.
In that same report the Commission also emphasized the importance of tourism and pointed out that the continuation and cohesion of Community action in the sector would be facilitated by the inclusion of specific provisions
The TIR procedure has only been undermined by the almost universal relaxation of controls, and can be improved quickly.
At present there exists no nuclear power station in which an MCA, a maximum credible nuclear accident, can be excluded.
Starting in November the Moroccan authorities and sector have informed us of their concerns about the resources plan.
Negotiations are still in progress with two other agencies: • the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products (EMEA) - London • the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market (OHMI) - Alicante
Above all, we must aU learn from this crisis and provide for the reforms that wUl make the European Union a more democratic and a safer place to live.
To come to the nub of the matter, the content of the recommendation, the position over eighteen months ago still has a terrible topicality, especially at a time when -hopefully - the Intergovernmental Conference is reaching a conclusion, because this is one of the most delicate issues as regards reform and improvement of the treaties.
I, too, want to congratulate the rapporteur on her exceUent report on the Commission's second annual report on the demographic situation in the European Union.
We know thennames - Caillot, Glon - but we do not talk about that.
The report from Economic and Monetary Committee Chairman, Karl von Wogau, accepted the Commission's recommendation that 11 countries should form the 'first wave' of the euro area at the beginning of 1999.
Bulletin Board Systems and newsgroups can be used to bring the results to the attention of a broader audience and to exchange ideas and experiences.
I am very hopeful that the Commission will agree to Amendment No 4, under which not 50 %, but 60 % of the operational and administrative costs foreseen in the budget are to be set aside for the Community.
Did it reaUy take you the necessary, but nonetheless barbaric destruction of more than a million cattle?
The Commission agrees not only with its general terms but also with its specific aspects because, finally, what Mr Carnero's report makes clear is, first of all -1 am referring to what I said earlier in my comments on Latin America - the need to renew and upgrade the .San José dialogue which, in the words of one of the Members, is perhaps, in all modesty, one of the most solid and convincing actions which the European Union has conducted under foreign policy.
Debates of the European Parliament
Wiersma price and that the European Union has to date given no indication of protesting strongly against that.
I should also mention in regard to Article 5, which was mentioned by some speakers, that approximately 50 % of our cooperation in Kenya is directed towards NGOs who are working with less-privUeged members of the population on health, basic education and farming in the interior.
UCLAF currently does not enjoy legal recognition within Member States for the purposes of giving evidence.
But it is only now, with three reports presented in this House, that we propose finding an actual solution to the problems of these companies.
President - Now is not the time to debate this subject.
In practice therefore, a "lost" vehicle could be almost anywhere in the Community.
0 Member of the Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania CDU Land Executive Committee. 0 Former Prime Minister of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
Please find attached the study drawn up by the Association, which has already been submitted to the State Secretary for Tax Affairs and UCLAF.
We have already got to grips with some of these problems in the context of the Drinking Water Directive, of which the questioner is no doubt also aware. I under
Even more dangerous is the outbreak of violence presented as ethnic and religious in origin when it is clearly politically motivated, violence which threatens to destabilize the country permanently.
We cannot reply positively to the request for a European advertising prize but the NIKI Prize supported by the Commission, which aims to improve the portrayal of women on television, will be awarded again this year for good practice in the advertising sector.
President - I am told that the reference to Macedonia was actually deleted in any case so your concerns are perhaps misplaced.
The Danish minister responsible for taxation has written to us thanking the committee for its good work, and offering to the Commission that Denmark could æt as a pilot country for the data system that we wish to see introduced to improve the transit system and to stop the abuses which are taking place.
However, for some reason Eurotunnel decided that cowardice was the best form of valour and decided not to invite us along for a discussion, cancelling the meeting at very short notice.
In my view that does not make sense, and I can point to a report drawn up by the Commission not so long ago that declared, in fact, that expectations about employment could be positive after the year 2000 when there should be positive growth in new 1er sector jobs.
I hope that these quite extensive comments have contributed to Parliament's understanding of the background to the Commission's decisions and, finally, I also hope that the directive can be adopted as soon as possible and above all that it will enter into force without delay.
He.is responsible for the suppression of free speech in the press of my country by the use of litigation.
Let me suggest a few, then: first, we should strive for Communitywide regulations in asylum policy and visa policy.
Engaging in polemics and trying to conceal matters or present them in a totally different light does not help matters, in my opinion.
The objective of the project monitoring policy is two­fold:
Graduate in pharmacy; biologist.
On other occasions, even when the smugglers break the seals and unload the goods, they need only omit to return the arrival counterfoil to the customs office of departure, since the customs services do not always carry out exhaustive checks into discharges in view of the large number of transit operations which take place.
Mrs Fraga has the floor to move the request from the Fisheries Committee.
0 European Law
I do not wish to go into this in detail, but these considerations could be very useful in future when we come to discuss defence policy.
Is the Commission aware of allegations made by the BUAV (British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection) that universities in Belgium are regularly using stray cats and dogs for experiments, contravening Directive 86/609/EEC (')?
It will be more difficult, under these conditions, to increase company contributions and charges'.
Member States have responded positively and the Presidency will ensure coordination of their task.
However, the relationship between the EU and the Dutch public prosecution "works strangely", with contacts taking place, but without any official basis for these contacts.
All too often, consensus either means that no decision is taken, or that it is based on the lowest common denominator.
Inject under the skin, as you were taught.
IN THE CHAIR: MRS FONTAINE Vice-President
What moves will the Council take to press for a peaceful solution to the escalation of violence in Sri Lanka?
British and U.S. correspondent for daily newspapers, periodicals and television.
The province, which belongs to the 'Comunidad Valenciana', has some of the highest living standards in Spain and a high level of economic development.
Nor will I try to dissect his report in detail, although it would be easy to do.
The risks for people and the environment are predetermined. Genetically modified foods will remain a game of Russian roulette for people suffering from allergies.
Liese (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentle men, during the debate over the last few weeks, we have become acquainted with a great many extreme positions, and it will undoubtedly be the case again this evening that these extreme positions clash with one another.
I should like to express my special thanks to the members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development for their close cooperation in this ad hoc procedure and particularly for the pragmatic approach of your draftsman, Mr Mulder.
An explicit fair trade quota, as has always been demanded by the European Parliament, must at long last be introduced.
Then there is credit registration: no mention is made of this anywhere.
Debates of the European Parliament
Debates of the European Parliament
Here again, we must guard against using slogans. Capitalization is not a panacea to secure the future of pensions.
Secondly, there is the feeling of some countries that they are second-class citizens and will not be allowed to take part, in Turkey's case because it is an Islamic country.
In the event of a tie the elder candidate shall be declared elected.
I am a little concerned that both the report and the Commission's proposal suggest toat we should.
Group Union for Europe Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left The Green Group in the European Parliament Group of the European Radical Alliance Europe of Nations Group (Coordination Group) Non-attached
As regards the proposals on the internal market, I feel it is a little too ingenuous to claim that they are the safest way to guarantee growth and employment.
Powers
Certainly, not all the amend ments which many Members wished to see were adopted.
This is borne out by the fact that the Commission withdrew 48 legislative proposals in the period 1994-1995.
Also responsible are toe companies which exported animals carrying BSE, and beef products and derivatives.
In my submission, and that of most of the people in this Chamber, that has still to be provided.
We hope, at any rate, that Albania will be able to emerge from the tunnel in which it finds itself and that events in Albania will give Europe the impetus to establish as rapidly as possible a common foreign and security policy, so that we do not once again find ourselves unprepared and tragically lagging behind in the face of various crisis points simmering on our doorstep.
AU these issues remain on toe agenda of toe 'frank and crucial dialogue' toe Community initiated with toe Sudan in order to bring over to the Sudan its concern in these matters and to help overcome toe problems with a view to work towards normalization of toe relations between the Community and toe Sudan.
Debates of the European Parliament
Calendar of part-sessions 1998 von Habsburg
That is the key; whatever definition and understanding we have, we should certainly have some action.
Does not legal rigour justify having a statute dealing specifically with the human body?
We live in a noisy society and it is for the authorities to limit noise sources, and the intensity of noise emitted.
I would therefore ask you to vote in favour of my report.
On the basis of these findings, on 4 July the Commission asked the Belgian authorities to withdraw the approval of the two companies immediately and on the same day the Belgian Minister of health informed the companies Tragex-Gel and Lefevbre of the envisaged withdrawal of their approval and decided that no meat could leave these establishments.
Europe needs to be decentralized and bottom-up schemes such as Leader 11 and the County Enterprises Board System need to be supported, renewed and expanded.
If the movement is not recorded as having been satisfactorily discharged the Principal is notified and has the onus of proving that procedures have been properly completed or meeting claims for duties and other charges.
Our farmers are now the innocent victims of circumstances beyond their control, and the Commission must give practical récognition to their economic plight.
I shall just take up the most symbolic and outstanding of them.
It is logical for the biggest users to bear the heaviest burden, and since the United States accounts for more or less a quarter of all energy consumption each year, it must have certain obligations towards the rest of • the world.
The very clear message which emerges from these fore casts, from these recommendations, is that, where additional measures must be taken for 1998 within the frame work of the lasting nature of convergence, it is necessary that these measures are structural and not just one-off.
United States and giving a spirited defence of his own views, magnificently but, unfortunately, alone and in vain.
0 Citizens' representative (1971); municipal councillor in Willich (Viersen District) (1975­1985).
Mr Santer, you made a slip, at the end of your speech, when you said that the time had come to create a Europe of health.
I believe that the results of the Round Table of Banks and SMEs are important.
Peacemaking, for instance, is translated as rauhanhieronta which in English means peace massage.
B7-6008 contains 10 MECU to cover the voluntary repatriation of displaced persons who have found temporary protection in the European Union.
It is a new right in that the European Community is at present playing a vanguard role.
Fortunately it will remain possible for the vigilant consumer to buy products marked 'not produced with the aid of genetic modification'.
The Bible mentions Jerusalem 811 times, and Jews throughout the ages used to long to Uve there.
Is it not a fact that the real beneficiaries of the World Trade Organization decision, if it were implemented, would be Americanbased multinational companies which already control over 90 % of the world trade in bananas, and have we not therefore a duty, if we want to fight poverty in the world, to stand very firm on the agreement we made with the banana-producing countries?
European Studies
The report prepared by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is much better than lhe Commission's proposal.
Debates of the European Parliament
They can only, on justified grounds, require awareness of the ethical rules of toe profession.
This is therefore a highly sensitive global market in which an operating aid like this can easily bring about a significant distortion of competition.
5.2 Networking Projects (NP)
Not until this rightly provoked massive protests from the Muslims and Croats was it announced that the decision would be deferred for a year. Well, we can already begin to imagine what kind of decision will be token in a year's time.
Debates of the European Parliament
I am greatly in favour of promoting these therapies and their use by doctors.
Perhaps the most obvious are those activities in the area of restoration of our architectural heritage, but culture is not one of the objectives of the structural funds, despite what it has been possible to do.
Medical and health care preference will be given to:
Too many doubts are blocking the implementation of clear-cut actions. The French initiative for setting new conditions of growth and employment, with out of course refusing the challenges of competitiveness and stability, is timely and courageous.
I believe that these organisation deserve all our support.
No 4-495/219 standards applied to toe contained use of geneticaUy modified microorganisms wUl not be lowered. The proposed modification of Directive 90/219/EEC will not affect toe provisions to be applied to biotechnological products containing genetically modified organisms, which fall under toe scope of Directive 90/220/EEC (') on the deliberate release into the environment of genetically modified organisms.
So the report is a missed opportunity, typical of the attitude of this Parliament which so often denounces, criticizes and condemns but fails to go far enough in the search for effective solutions, preferring dogmatic and ideological ones.
(¿Tor instance oLa/ce cJóaikal, a unicfue for vigilance and -international cooperation
The Commission no longer applies age limits for the selection of temporary candidates.
Promoting partnerships between actors such as employers, trade unions and non-governmental organisations, for reform in the elds of employment and inclusion in the labour market
Introduction of new management practices and structures in the partner country universities: this comprises the improvement of the short- and longterm planning capacity of the universities as well as the management of day-today operations, in particular areas such as the elaboration of strategic development plans, mission statements and institutional profiles, the development of internal quality assurance systems, the modernisation of human resources management, financial administration, library management, or student services and the introduction of management information systems.
They have been set up in those regions where the approach is most advanced.
Member and substitute member, Committee on Laws, Second Committee on Laws, Committee on Constitutional Law, Grand Committee, Finance Committee and Foreign Affairs Committee.
Gutiérrez Díaz (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Madam President, if I may, I would like to make two small comments on toe Minutes.
As for the other reports, the 1995 and 1996 reports, references to subsidiarity, proportionality, simplification and consolidation, under the generic label of 'Better law-making', reveal the different approach and perspective taken by the Commission.
More effective means of treating community waste must be adopted. In membership negotiations with East and central European countries, it is essential to stress that environmental standards of this sort must be observed.
Mrs Pailler has the floor to support Mr Lannoye's pro posal.
Quite apart from our ideals, our self­interest demands it.
The administration will then transmit an electronic message to the customs Office of Destination containing data relating to the specific goods being moved and allocating an estimated journey time.
Cooperation with the European Commission has been excellent and will continue to be so.
Recommendation for second reading by Mr Belleré (A4-0180/97)
Given the deteriorating situation in Ankara and the possibility that the military are moving into a position towards a possible coup d'etat, what would be the position of the European Union in that event?
The Danish social democrats take a positive view of the debate introduced by the Commission's White Paper and the Waddington report.
This is a second reading.
Without forgetting the introduction of the codecision procedure where the cooperation procedure still applies.
I agree that enlargement is a unique opportunity.
At bottom, this report is a fair one and that is why we shall vote for it.
Liikanen. - Mr President, the trade union organizations think that independent public administration requires in principle that officials should start at an early age and pursue their career there.
We should give serious consideration to any report bearing his name.
This programme has one serious problem, namely a shortage of money.
President. - Mr Alavanos would like to speak on a point of order.
We in this Parliament will not accept Boeing's prediction of one major accident per week.
Answer
The Petersberg missions and the policy planning and early warning unit which can be set up under the Treaty have been ratified, and the high representatives are a good idea.
The refusal of Europeans to eat hormonetreated meat was considered no more admissible than the argument in favour of supporting the economies of the French overseas departments and the ACP States in the case of bananas.
On external relations, we fully agree with the approach adopted to the Palestine question, but we regret the excessive tolerance and understanding shown towards the Turkish Government.
Madam President, we Europeans have a long and violent history which has often been stained with blood. Well, we have now arrived at an era when we can give a modest example of dialogue to others who are currently in a violent phase.
We even have a new opportunity, thanks to our discussion of texts which are so broad in their scope, to devise a definition for European public service.
They form the largest voluntary and peaceful bloc in the world - 370 million European citizens facing together the challenges of out time.
Correia (PSE). - (PT) Mr President Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the findings of the preliminary report of the Banana Panel of the World Trade Organisation are contrary to the interests of the European Community and in particular to those of Portugal and the autonomous region of Madeira, which is a part of my country, and even more to the traditional banana exporters of the ACP countries.
President against the government, if we notice the slightest indication of vote- rigging this time?
Monti appropriate, and to information, and would also aUow toe industry to benefit from a market without frontiers which would otherwise be hampered by differing national legislation. lation.
It seems to me that if a vice­president of the ACP Joint Assembly and Mrs van Bladel, a vice­chairman of the Subcommittee on Human Rights and five members of the
For far too long the Khartoum regime has been violating these values by eliminating basic liberties, introducing intolerable forms of religious discrimination, executing its opponents, tenorising its own people domestically and exporting tenor. This regime should be unanimously and roundly condemned.
The report reproaches us for having neglected the rural areas and Objective 5B.
possible so that we adapt our educational institutions accordingly.
Many of us have seen it in our own countries, and it is certainly true in France: if there is public controversy today on unemployment, immigration, insecurity or free trade, the European Union is instantly perceived as a source of threat, not of hope.
In addition any measures taken at the Community level would not achieve the objective sought.
Provisional conclusions for the period 1995-1997
*· some instruments to measure macro-economic and microeconomic efficiency have been developed
I should like to conclude by thanking the testimony of those men and women who, during the long night of stone which crushed my country, still managed to be faithful to their convictions and oppose the Franco regime, transmitting to my generation the ideal of a united Europe as well as the values of democracy and social justice.
At that age, however, no distinction can be made between bulls intended for the bullring and other bulls.
Parliament's assent is now needed for decisions on the accession of new Member States, association agreements with nonmember countries and the conclusion of international agreements.
It is currently limited to 1.27% of the gross national product. Own resources now include:
Some have suggested that we could route it through NGOs but our financial lines for NGOs are insufficient, if you take the 60, 000 people or so who need immediate demobilization and resettlement somewhere outside the towns.
Muller (V), draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets. - (DE) Mr President I should like to express our opinion on a number of points. Firstly, let me thank the rapporteur for including the key demand of the Committee on Budgets: that expenditure in this area should be non-compulsory.
It was based on eight criteria (see annex) for arms export policy.
The Medina report says that the then Commission attempted to hide the truth and to blame ParUament for the suspension, whereas the decision was actually taken by the Commission itself, having caved in to pressure from the UK. During the same period, with the sole exception of the directive on embryos, no Community legislation on BSE was passed at all.
In my view, they are best resolved through combined action, programmes and plans rather than by amendments of a constitutional nature and the transfer of decision making from national to supranational level.
Not only is it right to welcome him, but it is also right to inform him that most of us recognize the fact that his is a very important and influential position.
Do you not think that there is one recommendation missing from your list and that monetary policy could still play a more constructive part in a suitable policy mix, given the real interest rates, which are still not low enough?
We shall certainly hear of many other advantages and disadvantages during the debate.
C. Reduction of time needed to process cases
Has taught at the Menendez Pelayo international University and the Collège de Hautes Études Européennes (1982-1983, 1992-1993).
President. - I am deeply touched, I would even say completely overcome.
I would therefore ask whether it would not be sensible to introduce animal passports only for animals which move from one country to another.
Consultation procedure (1957)
Therefore Community transit fraud does not Impact this area of activities of the mineral oil industry.
Debates of the European Parliament
I will not be absolutely specific about a date, because I have no wish to
Part 5.
Transcripts were taken of all evidence, but that given in closed session is not published in Volume Π of this report.
Could you tell us about this urgent matter?
Of course, expansion is a matter for ASEAN, but we need to have our own ideas about it.
The customs services are reproached for not undertaking a sufficient number of serious investigations, and in particular for reinterpreting the transit system as an insurance scheme for the collection of public revenue, rather than a facilitation system for the transport and circulation of goods within the EU.
CEDT Repon on Contraband, 30 October 1996
Representatives stressed the importance of vehicle marking and police/customs cooperation in dealing with the increasing crime problem.
Danesin in the number of substandard ships ploughing our seas, with all the easily imaginable environmental consequences. quences.
In practice, these provisions mean that complaints are not confidential unless the complainant requests confi dentiality.
In my view it makes a real contribution to finding a European Union strategy for its relations with the Transcaucasian republics.
Rosado Fernandes the future, after EMU has come about, these things must be neutral in the budget?
What we now have to do is try to salvage something from it.
You have already said it on other occasions in a similar way: it will be considered!
In order to prevent the-economy of the 'TRNC' being affected by unjust embargoes, economic and financial union shall be established between Turkey and the 'TRNC'.
This is an extreme and very delicate measure that promises conflict with the agents concerned.
Former regional councillor with responsibility for tourism.
► In all countries vocational and continuing train­ing in addiction has become more available. ► Despite growing demand for evaluations of demand reduction activities, research is inadequate.
Such a centre, based on the model of the European agencies, would act as an authority for coordinating activities, but would also be a unique information exchange, which would be entrusted with the very specific priority mission of tracing missing children, by network ing the national search centres and the schemes set up by associations and families in our various countries.
Complaints referring to petitions that had already been dealt with, or were pending before, the Committee on Petitions of the European Parliament were inadmissible for the same reason (n°: s 36, 39).
President. - Mr President-in-Office of the CouncU, ladies and gentiemen, allow me to interpret the Rules generously and invite the President-in-Office of the Council to reply to Question 10, although this means going back a little bit.
It is quite impossible to vote on this report without it.
The more one talks with the Member States which have expressed reservations, the more one realizes that the discussion process is bedevilled by a host of misunderstandings.
In addition, we should not just set up a programme to stimulate such use without monitoring the effectiveness of that programme.
That makes 200 milUon. So I call upon the Com mission, here and now, to support ParUament.
Debates of the European Parliament
As regards the Green Paper, it was ready in the interservice consultations, but I feel that in toe new situation that has come to light since last week, it is my duty to re-examine it and see whether it is possible to push things a little further.
In addition, regional disparities are growing in many Member States.
We have to keep the prospect of accession open for all candidates, set up a permanent conference and reinforce the preaccession strategy - in other, words, adopt an approach which was refened to by the Commis­sion this morning as 'ins' and 'pre-ins'.
This accident has once again highlighted the issue of seatbelts in buses, especially those carrying children.
The Commission believes that the answer to the preoccur. pations expressed in the submitted draft resolutions Ues
Debates of the European Parliament
Unless Europe is given a stronger role, unless the Com mission has more opportunities to act, this trial run of toe coordination procedure wUl prove something of a lame duck. That is what I fear.
After our debate today, the Council will have a fresh opportunity to examine Parliament's amendments, and I hope that the two institutions can conclude the decisionmaking procedure on this proposal before the end of 1997.
There has to be control on animal cloning.
First, we must not forget that the instrument available to us as the European Union for the exercise of policy is the European Social Fund.
We may have our suspicions of that, though officially we know nothing at all, because this circumstance is the best proof that the question of the organization of policy around the subject areas can really only be described now as a bigger and bigger, more and more dangerous dedemocratization of policy in the European Union.'
Müller that when Parliament is granted a right it knows how to exercise it competently and purposefully.
0 Numerous publications and ori­ginal academic papers. European Cultural Prize (1995).
Its allows the suspension of duties and other charges until destination irrespective of the number of borders crossed in transit.
The Member States should introduce a system of "mutual recognition of evidence" whereby evidence originating in another Member State should be deemed admissible if it meets the national requirements in its country of origin.
In other words, he has a certain amount of control over Chilean democracy.
The Commission is of course still follow ing the situation through its delegation in Moscow and is naturally at Parliament's disposal for any more detailed work in this matter in conjunction with a visit due to be made by a parliamentary delegation to Russia very shortly.
Protect ing life, when all is said and done, means stamping out hunger in the world by increasing the available food resources. Protecting life means finding new types of crops that are more economical with our soils and require fewer fertilizers and pesticides.
We, therefore, have a moral obligation to work to achieve maximum safety and put the necessary pressure to bring about harmonization upwards.
On Amendment no 18 ­ oral amendment
Answer
Unfortunately I pressed the plus key by mistake.
From the perspective of the citizen, the Commission's control operates through an informal system of complaints bearing mainly on the activities of the Member States.
Treasurer of the Anti-Nazi League.
Let me say to Mrs Mcintosh that I think liberalization is a good thing, and I welcome it.
It says 'repeal of the EURATOM Treaty', but it should have read 'amendment'.
The final stage of part 2 comes into force on 1 April 1997 with the compulsory use of the most vigorous rendering process for all mammalian waste material.
I would draw attention to the fact that my country prohibits the patenting not only of the human body, its parts and its products, but also of the knowledge of the total or partial structure of the human gene.
Fundamental changes are needed.
The reason for this is that in case of fraud with these goods the profit is very high, and also these goods are typically easily marketed,
You have the floor to reply to Mr Izquierdo Collado.
Mr Puerta referred to a code of confidence which is a central matter.
There will be difficulties but they will be difficulties of implementation.
Fassa (ELDR). - (IT) Madam President, female circumcision in Egypt poses an interesting legal problem for Parliament.
Bangemann. - (DE) The Commission always does that!
I think we ought to avoid that kind of comment as much as possible, and make clear what is really happen ing.
The various measures outlined above will aheady help to bring about an appreciable improvement in the quality of the information supplied to SMEs.
May I say that I believe that if you were to read an exchange of letters, that would be entirely inappropriate.
Moretti (NI). - (IT) Madam President, it is clear that there will be a need to negotiate another treaty in the next five years.
Wohlfart - (FR) I think I already emphasized in my first reply to the question that these elections represented a first step.
Debates of the European Parliament
Is the Commission taking no action?
This trend must be reversed.
Having said that, the Commissioner will not mind if I criticize the Commission, specifically on its weakness regarding the biological rest period for cephalopods.
Blot (ND. ­ (FR) Mr President, I have a question that I should like to put to you concerning the agenda.
What is needed here is an anange ment geared not to land setaside, but to land use or land regeneration.
Let me once again congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Kellett-Bowman, and the chairman, Mr Tomlinson.
The European System of Central Banks (ESCB), consisting of the EU's 15 national central banks and the European Central Bank (ECB) in Frankfurt, is responsible for monetary policy.
The problem is that legal protection, especially criminal legal protection, is a national competence.
UKember otates of t£e Ouropean
This creates an American-style prohibition situation.
Bangemann, Member of the Commission. ­ (DE) I know that Mrs Jackson is right ­ indeed she is always right. And she is quite right to ask why we have not yet begun this programme of consumer information.
It is much more costly to attract a new consumer than to retain an existing one.
Will the Commission elaborate on these two significant statements, clarifying particularly what type of drags it means and will it set out its current thinking as to how these two aspects of road safety can be tackled?
Their new legislation provides cereal grow ers, until the year 2000, with a level of subsidies at least equivalent to what it was previously.
Yet in spite of the smallness of the budget that we spend there are, generally, quite a number of voices talking about reducing spending.
President. - No, Mr McMahon, it is neither of those things.
This would have an effect on species, such as the hake for example, which are very much at risk.
Of course we must pay due heed to the traditional cultures of these peoples, but the fact remains that in the ACP regions and in the SGP States these agreements fulfil an important function.
But there is also something else and fortunately it has already been mentioned a few times in the debate today.
In principle we agree with the report by Mr. Jarzembowski.
Debates of the European Parliament
For this reason J suggest that the proposer of the amendment, for whom I have high regard, most particularly because of her per sonal resistance, should perhaps withdraw Amendment No 6.
But I think that initiative as such should lie with the Member States and Parliament, not the Commission.
The object is to make the final owner untraceable, and to make the links between successive owners as obscure as possible.
Visiting Fellow, Goldsmith's College, University of London.
Nevertheless I have accepted it, but not because I am not an elected member - mat is not the problem; even having once been a postman does not necessarily ensure better more detailed knowledge.
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
Thirdly, hard-hit shipping and related industries have simply moved away from the Community which has obviously resulted in further job losses.
The relocation of the CPVO in 1997 and its impact on human resources management in 1998
It expresses in the clearest possible terms Parliament's demands that the freedom and rights of Hong Kong and Macau should be*respected. respected.
The tasks to be done must be meaningful and challenging, and a European
Judgement on the action of toe Commission must be based on the circumstances at any given time. It is easy to be the hurler in the ditch.
You will say toat this is, unfortunately, an everyday occurrence, toat these criminal activities prove that toe worse can happen at any time.
Surely the way forward is the closest possible cooperation between the European nations, not the incorporation of those nations in a European superstate.
Furthermore, human rights, democracy and freedom form part of the central axis of the type of political dialogue we are developing with the Mediterranean countries. There fore, association agreement negotiations will allow us to open up another line of political dialogue with the Algerian authorities and tackle a situation which is frightening, of course, and extremely complicated as regards both internal and international politics.
But we should go to the conclusion of Community logic, i.e. introduce the codecision procedure.
It is not possible to reduce the present high unemployment simply by monetary and economic mechanisms, and there is a need for an active finance policy, i.e. the more effective use of taxation and public forms of subsidy to promote employment.
And the consequence is that, faced with the dilemmas that the honourable Members here face (and I sympathize with Mr Castricum and Mr Jarzembowski and all the other Members, I share their dilemma) the choice has to be made: do we make some headway, do we advance even at a millimetre at a time, or do we celebrate our own consciences, stand still and make no progress?
The third week is set aside for meetings of the political groups and the fourth for the plenary session in Strasbourg.
Amendments Nos 15, 16, 19, 20 and 30 cannot be accepted because they seek to change the wording of the STCW Convention provision or to refer both to articles of the directive and to the relevant STCW provisions which are transposed in the directive.
President - Does everyone agree that there was any confusion?
The Irish presidency also succeeded in taking the IGC negotiations into a political phase.
ECTS does not in itself regulate the content, structure or equivalence of academic programmes, since these are issues of quality which must be determined by universities themselves when establishing a satisfactory basis for cooperation agreements, whether bilaterally or in networks.
I would also like to assure you that we will continue to cooperate with you and keep you informed, so that we may continue our joint action for the achievement of our aims.
Member of the Europa­Union (since 1991).
24.07.1954 Member of the European Parliament, social worker Germany CDU German observer: 11.03.1991-18.07.1994 MEP: 19.07.1994 PPE
Unfortunately, and despite what the Commission had proposed, no decision was taken on tuna and swordfish TACs, and it was possible only to approve a number of national measures which may help secure compliance with the ICCAT resolutions.
This certainly makes sense, not only because the time limit has already expired anyway, but also because Member States are experiencing real difficulties in implementing the setaside scheme.
In order to take due account, inter alia, of the reservations expressed by the European Parliament regarding the rigid ity of that provision, the Commission weakened its word ing and scope, converting it into a recital which was confined to noting that the relevant obligation derived directly from the Directives and the Treaty and so did not call for a specific regulative instruction.
Debates of the European Parliament
The procedures for disbursing the resources must become much more transparent, and I say this as an urgent warning to the German authorities, in particular the Land authorities.
Debates of the European Parliament
Rather than taking a chronological approach to the various meetings undertaken by the delegation, this report adopts an issue-based approach.
We share the attitude of those who pronounce themselves in favour of the communitarisation of the third pillar and a more effective parliamentary control, or in any case, one which is worthy of the name.
When national self-regulatory official bodies come up against these crossborder complaints, it is natural they should embark on a course of even closer mutual cooperation.
What it does not say is that Members were summoned to vote at noon but that the debate was still continuing.
The first holder of this position is Xavier Solana, who was appointed by the Cologne European Council in June 1999.
The Commission still thinks that the question of the abolition of the death penalty is implicitly covered by the clause which has systematically been included since 1995 in the agreements with third countries and which enshrines respect for democratic principles and human rights as an essential element.
I can only take a cynical view of the declarations by the G7 Heads of State and Government on exploiting the opportunities offered by globalization, when people and the planet are the victims of such a policy.
Jöns policies, and including our fisheries policies.
This was certainly no easy task, given that the proposed directive is very complicated, involving the codification of 35 directives and the introduction of machinery for the recognition of diplomas for a large number of different professional activities.
These modifications, if adopted by the IGC, will give these regions a legal regime which will enable the Com munity authorities to adapt, by means of derived law,
If a Union of 25 is not to become unmanageable, it must concentrate on a number of principal duties, namely pressing crossborder issues.
The quality of the work that has been done by our first two parliamentary Committees of In quiry, into mad cow disease and into the Community transit system, shows that Members of the European Parliament can, on occasion, demonstrate good sense, competence, a sense of reality and a zeal to expose the truth.
Lomé IV is being disputed. This is the preferential regime granted to the Cameroons and the Ivory Coast, which goes back to General de Gaulle in 1960.
But the substance of Community programmes must also start to take into account the requirements of enlargement.
Azerbaijan is already providing the necessary framework conditions for invest ment.
The question, again, is thus whether it is not more sensible to look at compliance.
For example, if you travel by air from London to Brussels it takes only 40 minutes.
In the course of the vote on the 1997 budget, Parliament and the Council demonstrated their support for the implementation of schemes to protect children.
In 1957, public opinion was very remote from the European scene.
Indeed Mr Martens initially came up with an idea that we should deal with fraud in the Union, and my group came up with the specific proposal about the area of fraud we should deal with.
Debates of the European Parliament
What was possible 40 years ago to promote nuclear energy should also be possible today for renewable en­ergy!
This is why we are abstaining from the final vote.
Still relating to the 'cohesion countries', we support Mr Hatzidakis' thesis on transfer of technical resources and knowhow from the most developed Member States to the least developed, within the framework of the Union's cohesion policies, because that can have a positive effect on the environment of those countries.
In this respect, we naturally support Mr Olsson's report.
There is disagreement over the electoral system and the timetable for the rebels to disarm has been ignored.
It is striking that nicer shops are mentioned and are one of the instruments for increasing turnover.
I want to know whether the failure is in ParUament's or toe Commission's services, and I want to know whether it is a simple administrative blunder or a poUtical manoeuvre!
Debates of the European Parliament
After ParUament's first reading, the Council accepted some of the approved amendments.
I think this could be an ideal way to keep Europe abreast of developments in information technology, but the main danger is that we will constantly be lagging behind because we are always developing plans instead of putting them into action.
As the import of bananas had shown, however, it had not resulted in imports being shifted to non-Community ports.
Madam Commissioner, you have just said to us that the producers in the European Union seem to be relatively happy with the outcome of the decisions that have been taken by the Commission and Norway.
Then there is the traffic in young Burmese girls sold into prostitution in ThaUand.
Fourthly, I would make the point that our task there may be a big one, a very big one.
The talks are cunently stalled.
Evaluation of new curricula and teaching materials produced by previous Tempus projects identification of leading external experts in the subject area to carry out the peer review; workshop to define a methodology for the peer review and to brief the experts; peer review of outputs and site­visits to the universities/institutions for verification; production of an evaluation report with follow up activities, e.g. recommendations for improvement, development of joint study programmes, organising exchange of teachers; definition and implementation of a dissemination strategy for the best outputs.
Student mobility has been given more importance through the introduction of "mobility" JEPs in the Russian Federation and Georgia.
Perhaps you might discuss these cultural differences with Mr Ribeiro and the others, for whom I hereby apologize, over a good meal.
Mrs Cresson raised the question of a. moratorium, although this does not apply to interventions with the human body where we have to impose an immediate ban.
Estovan Bolea (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, I too would like to congratulate Mr Soutier. He has succeeded in drafting a balanced report on this difficult subject seething with passions but bereft of any objectivity.
This is the part that did not come over in the English translation: 'and only to those organizations'.
') Topical and urgent debate (subjects selected): see Minutes.
The Treaty on European Union confers on Parliament a power of legislative co-
Answer
That, ladies and gentlemen, is what I wanted to say about this matter.
President. - Thank you very much, Mr Bangemann.
This programme has now been extended by the 1996 programme, which takes up the same methodology again - multiannual programme, concerted action with Member States, other actions in favour of SMEs - but redefines the objectives in the form of five priorities: simplifying and improving the financial, fiscal and administrative environment, helping SMEs to internationalise, enhancing competitiveness and promoting entrepreneurship.
There are in fact already refined systems for assisting disadvantaged pupUs in many Member States.
The Commission ought no longer to have wasted its time carrying out comparative research.
» the collection, processing and dissemination of information of this kind could be carried out by the Agency k» open to development European projects such as SHAPE on the basis of evaluations discussed within the Advisory Committee in Luxembourg k» research on incentives used at present; study their significance more thoroughly and widely k» comparative studies of the economic impacts of different kinds of measures * a study of the interaction between working conditions and productivity could be conducted on a cooperative basis
We cannot vote for paragraph 3, as it is affected by a Danish reservation.
Having myself been born and grown up on a Meditenañean island, Crete, I know very well and at first hand all the vital problems faced by an island, precisely because of its insular character.
The form states that you can make a complaint 'subject to the rules of confidentiality'.
So this method is important because it anchors the production to the territory.
The written contributions received by the Committee are published in Volume ΠΙ of the report.
On 10 June 1999 elections will take place to elect 87 British Members of the European Parliament.
In increasingly deserted regions, sport is still a way of keeping people and expressing a community's identity.
Imaz San Miguel (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, I want to thank Mrs Reding for her excellent report.
And we need a better system of group vessel loading.
The translation is wrong.
Thirdly, how can we conduct budgetary and taxation policies and, more generally, economic policy, in such a way as to obtain an optimal functioning of the single market? Fourthly, how can we best respect the subsidiarity principle while ensuring the coherence of all budgetary and taxation policies and economic policy in general?
The meetings of the European institutions with their Japanese counterparts and the normal bUateral contacts between the Member States and Japan have contributed to this development.
Monti element if we wish to increase business confidence in the market, which requires better and prompter implementation of Community law in the Member States.
Patijn, President-in-Ofice of the Council. - (NL) Madam President, I am grateful to all those who have spoken for then blunt and unconditional condemnation of terror and mindless violence.
We cannot ignore the fact that sport has become such a significant recreational activity that its impücations transcend the social and cultural sectors and have a truly substantial impact on the economy.
And do you not think that this money would be better spent on a proper health project?
The matter could therefore easily be rectified by using the voting list.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Even so, I believe that for the sake of consistency in our work, it would be as weU to regard the education require ment as one and indivisible.
To conclude, I propose, as rapporteur, an amendment to the common position on the regulation on surveillance and an opinion on the regulation on deficits, in accordance with the amendments adopted by our Committee, thereby concluding the second reading.
The choice of Angers as the seat of the Office was the result of a long decision-making process.
As you have indicated, this is the annual report on the implementation of the common foreign and security policy that is specified in the Treaty.
These are necessary for further communication between you, the European Commission and the European Training Foundation.
So, is what we are debating here today really a legal problem?
Consumers are clearly demonstrating their demand for nonconventional medical products and treatments.
The EU endorses the code and the WHO's subsequent resolutions in Council resolution 92/C 172/01.
We need to avoid this trend towards two-tier airports.
In the opinion of the Danish Freight Forwarders Association the problem can be solved only if cooperation is established between authorities, organisations and users of the pro cedure nationally and internationally.
Source.-OG I, 26.2.1998.
Since 1957 Parliament's powers have gradually grown, and particularly since the signature of the Single European Act (1986) and of the Treaty on European Union (1992).
0 Chairman of the Schleswig-Holstein SPD.
That monopoly of initiative is a condition of the proper functioning of the Union.
It really begs the question about how the Committee on Legal Affairs deals with issues.
In addition the Commission failed to check that those particular regulations were being implemented.
Community forestry strategy (continuation)
As a general rule, the Council has failed to apply these provisions and has circumvented them.
I think that is the only chance, and more and more groups in Israel are saying that themselves.
Here, it must be stressed that to ensure public health and consumer protection entails placing restrictions on hazardous substances, which must be assessed by December 1997.
I would call for a European convergence strategy which takes full account of subsidiarity and involves at least the following: firstly, urgent measures to refinance social security.
I believe that the crucial issue goes beyond the removal of structural and cultural obstacles.
I hope that I have covered the main aspects of the committee's proposals.
Mrs Thors asked for exceptions on very short trips.
Debates of the European Parliament
Other orientations are of more direct concern to the Community authorities and should be discussed in con nection with the open debate on 'Agenda 2000'.
President-in-Office two questions. Firstly, has the Dutch presidency scheduled for the informal meeting of the ECOFIN Council in April an initial analysis of the revision of the financial perspectives, with a view to the future financing of the Community?
And now it is toe associated questioning of this aim which so much abuses toe European idea itself.
With its educational, democratic, cultural, social, integrative and health-promoting aspects, it has an enormous beneficial impact on our daily Uves.
But I would also like, for my part, to mention those for whom racism is a business and who are constantly fanning embers which are still easily rekindled.
Patijn, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) Albania does not feature as such on the agenda for the informal meeting of foreign ministers, but it will certainly be discussed.
The Group of the European People's Party therefore welcomes the Commission's proposal and all the rapporteur's proposed amendments, partly because they clarify terms such as 'air carrier' and Operating licence', which previously led to misunderstandings.
Anyone who, like me, comes from a region in which four European countries meet - Belgium, France, Luxembourg and Germany - can see that this is a highly deshable development.
What they do not know is what the Intergovernmental Conference will make of the Treaty as a whole, in other words to what extent the Treaty that is arrived at will differ from the one to which they gave their approval.
I find unacceptable any agreement which does not ban leghold traps in the short-term, and I fully agree with Mr Pimenta who said that that disagree ment is quite inadequate and ineffective and that is why it should be rejected and I think that we should ban imports at once.
This fraud does not only relate to goods coming from outside the European Union, it aiso concerns goods coming from free warehouses inside the Community.
The Home Secretary in England is, in fact, the Home Secretary of the United Kingdom...
The European People's Party will not be voting in favour of this motion.
McCarthy, rapporteur. - Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my report on the implementation of structural funds in the UK is the result of a very wide consultation undertaken with both users and applicants for EU structural funds.
In addressing the transit probL·ms, trade have basically two options:- 1) do nothing or 2) develop their own solution.
Although, in the Internal Market, border formalities should have disappeared altogether, the product tax on confectionery proved impossible to collect in practice without some kind of control at Finland's borders.
The British Govern ment is subject to the control of the House of Commons.
For example, to impose on each farm ear marking, a computerized data base, a register and passport for toe animals, risks not only increasing bureaucratic provisions, but could also lead to fraud, because of lack of sufficient financial means or the complexity of the legislation.
Parliament wants to help. We want to play our part.
ECTS seeks to facilitate academic recognition between partner institutions by means of effective and generally applicable mechanisms.
What characterizes this rare and complex thing, as Mr Van Mierlo said, is that the Community or the European Union do things together through a supranational body which at all times decides what is in the Community's interest.
In the European Parliament, and particularly in its Culture Committee, there was concern to develop TV programmes in the interests of children.
We very much hope that all parties will now comply with the agreement, but these are aU only first steps.
It is my opinion that we must give more vigour into the debates on the principle of subsidiarity.
I think that is of capital importance in a field such as this, which has profound philosophical implications and touches on everyone's most deeply-held beliefs.
We no longer have misconceptions.
Even before the Uruguay Round, the Commission anticipated the demands which the United States would present.
Those conventions stipulate that negotiation with employers is a right of employees as far as conditions of employment and social guarantees are concerned.
The reason why it. is so important to say this is because terrorist organizations in the European Union have, in the past, repeatedly been able to create a spurious political legitimacy for their actions.
As you know, the aim of this proposal is to bring about a specific legal basis for a practice which has already worked satisfactorily for a number of years.
We hope that this will also build on the bilateral arrangements that are already well in place between Member States and these emerging economies.
The key issue is to create a universal approach to physical checks, at external borders, at points of destination and at intermediate points within the customs territory of the Union.
That is possible but I am not sure whether it would be a success.
Without prejudice to Rule 147(7)and unless a committee decides othenruise,Members may attend meetings of committees to which they do not belong but may not take part in their deliberations.
President. - Thank you very much, Commissioner.
It results in all costs and benefits being made visible
The indirect effect of ICT on the European economy as a whole could lead to the creation of between 0.5 and almost 1.5 billion new jobs.
Commissioner, I will mention two examples which worry me a great deal.
We also wish to see this, and we are trying to focus on the most important cases, while at the same time creating legal certainty.
In economic terms we are naturally less innovative, but all the same may I remind you first of all of the importance of restoring all its power to Sysmin, our assistance to infrastructure in a market which is becoming more stand ardized, and above all the very new aspect, the recognition of a people's economy, which should no longer be called informal so as not to confuse it with drugs and delinquence, for the small scale grass roots economy is the very heart of development.
Whichever of the options put forward in the Commission document is eventually chosen, it is clear that the system proposed wUl be such as to safeguard the production of oUve oU in the European Union as well as employment in the producer areas, while respecting the existing Community environment legislation.
Amendment No 7 is a crucial one where the report seeks to delete the exemption for smaU firms.
On the question
We should also like there to be guarantees of the young volunteers' rights in terms of social security cover, and to see them exempted from paying tax on their earnings throughout their period of service.
In 1992, it was decided to have a programme which shifted support from prices to incomes, and this was completed in 1995.
There were also com ments from Mr Oostlander and Mrs Pack about the geographical area and in particular the conditions for entering into contractual relations with the Union, such as those of good-neighbourliness or crossborder cooperation.
I hope that 1999 will be a year that we will remember, when Europe as a whole began to combat violence against women and show respect for human rights.
They are expecting us to defend them with courage and determination.
To make an awful English pun, I would say that this report is 'packed' full with her energy and commitment.
I believe that it will be valuable for this rule to be
The Commissioner seems at a complete loss having received the report of the agency which the Commission itself commissioned.
I therefore hope, perhaps against hope, that the Amsterdam summit will bring some progress in this area.
The committee responsible shall give its opinion on these amendments.4.
Can the Commission indicate whether this information is correct?
But, over and above toat, it was also an accusation levelled at an entire European system which, through its aberrations, has allowed the manipulation of information, toe paralysis of toe nations' defensive reactions and the propagation of the disease.
Decision on urgency, p. 26 - 3.
Correspondence between the Chairman and Philip Morris Europe S.A. as well as a letter addressed to the Chairman by the Confederation of European Community Cigarette Manufactures Limited, Brussels. (English only)
The problems have recently worsened as the Netherlands and Norway for example have sharply reduced their taxation of the shipping industry.
Resources
I think it was a mistake for the Council not to accept this.
sold its birthright, and the consequence is that everything is now 'up for grabs'.
And under no circumstances can this right to self-defence be restricted. However, the fact that I read out his letter does not mean that I accept or endorse what he said in his own defence.
It is absolutely necessary to do this to consoUdate the markets which European farmers have for their meat products.
Joint European Projects
I think that the idea of a Green Paper is an excellent one and even that of a task-force.
Papoutsis, Member of the Commission. - (EL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, permit me first of all to thank Mrs Ahern for the report that she has presented to us today.
Question No 51 by Astrid Thors (H-0364/97) Subject: Deregulation of the telecommunications sector
How could it be otherwise?
The enquiry was addressed to 15 Community institutions and bodies.
lhe debate is closed.
Subject: Turkish threats over installation of missiles on Cyprus
We must convene a citizens' conference in each Member State to consider these questions and we must have a Human Genetics Commission to monitor and advise on all future developments.
It should also be emphasized that both medical assistance with procreation and cloning methods confirm that the fertilized egg is indeed a human being.
The Pact for Stability and Growth is a code of conduct, a guide to behaviour, which is intended to specify the conditions and timetable for the necessary action to restore budgetary equilibrium.
The measures decided in the framework of the partnership between the Greek authorities and the Commission, with the purpose of facilitating implementation of the programme, included: the Manager Programme and Manager Projects (for a number of complex projects), the recruitment of a group of accountants by the open market,
These measures include information and awareness campaigns, together with the carrying out of pilot projects concerning new methods and technologies designed to make toe action more effective.
The Chines people are to have constitutional democracy.
DOC EN\CM\307\307439
He will make this contribution in his usual friendly and knowledgeable manner, and because during the short time that I have worked alongside him I have got to know him a little and have come to appreciate his fine sense of humour, I hope that in future the European Court of Justice will make judgements that one cannot just acknowledge with a nod, not only respect and accept, but I also hope that a quiet smile to oneself will sometimes be in order.
It also added that it was actively investigating 14 cartels ­ I only wanted to know which ones, not the details ­ and that the Commission receives an increasing number of complaints about attempts by companies in dominant positions to prevent new operators from entering their market.
— coordination between Tempus III and national initia­tives which have the same aims but which are funded and managed separately,
We appear not to be in agreement, however, about how this is to be achieved.
Report (A4-0009/97) on behalf of Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee, on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a Euro pean Parliament and Council Directive on the protection of consumers in respect of distance contracts (C4-0666/96-00/0411(COD)) (rapporteur: Mrs Oomen-Ruijten)
I therefore think that the subsidy provides some compensation for diminished use.
In addition to the cordoning off of the territories, Israel continues, in particular, to freeze the tax receipts due to the Palestinian authorities, even though as recently as Monday they announced they were going to free up half the amount due to the Palestinian authorities, that is 50 % of the amount, which equals some 50 million shekels. The Council has, on many occasions, repeated that it respects the legitimacy of the Israeli government to defend its population.
To postpone them, as the Council is proposing, would only make the problem worse.
In 1993-94, the Commission wrote to several nonOECD countries.
Madam President, to conclude: we need to see a cohesive, balanced and strong approach to the plight of Albania'.
Crampton (PSE). - Mr President, I congratulate Mrs McCarthy on her excellent report and also on the research that has gone into it.
I anticipate no problems at all here, and I think your suggestion toat we shall create confusion and should delay the whole thing amounts to a desire to back away from problems which urgently need to be sorted out
Businesses which are at financial risk from fraud employ banks, inspection companies and other
President of the North-Rhine/Westphalia Town Association (1978/79).
Elsewhere, sluggish productivity has been a problem in particular for the service sector, partly due to the lack of competition. So, in addition to a strong competition policy, measures are needed to improve the uptake of ICT technologies across all sectors, as well as public administration, so as to modernise and boost eficiency. ciency.
When we talk about voluntary agreements, that can mean many different things, which is precisely why this kind of definition, this kind of greater accuracy, is so necessary.
Wolf (V). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this may appear to be a technical report, but in fact it is a very political one, and I should like to thank Mrs Oomen-Ruijten for taking a step in the right direction.
And we are not saying this just to detach ourselves from the essence of the proposals made in the initial version of the Tillich report.
CONTRIBUTIONS FROM THE AGENCIES, OFFICES AND OTHER BODIES
The Commission welcomes the assent given by Parlia­ment to the European Union Tunisia Association Agree­ment which the Commission negotiated with Tunisia, which was signed in July 1995 and which will enter into force after the forthcoming ratification by the remaining three Member States of the European Union.
Protection of privacy in telecommunications, p. 83 - 14.
The new directive is not only based on the harmonization of patent law, but also takes account of the characteristics that are peculiar to human beings and to the living world; it protects inventors, it safeguards preferential treatment for farmers, allows the development of products resulting from biotechnology to satisfy the need of sick people and their families for treatments for leukaemia and cancer thanks to cell growth factors, treatments for haemophilia, for diabetes, thanks to purified, non-contaminating products - I stress the fact that they are non-contaminating - all of these more effective than the products used at present.
It is a mistake to assume that effectiveness is the same as supranationality.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this decision implies a certain number of deeply incisive measures.
President. - The debate is closed.
We need to be very nuanced here.
The European Commission, for its part, is responsible for defending the overriding interest of the Union.
The Committee as well as the various interinstitutional subcommittees on translation will be continuing their work in 1997.
Members of the House will know that the Commission's initiative on air traffic management has been developing at the same time as the INSTAR study being undertaken by the European Civil Aviation Conference in which the Commission has been closely involved and to which we have, indeed, made significant financial contributions.
Studies undertaken by toe European ParUament regarding the location or relocation of enterprises have shown that aid for investment is only one of many factors considered in reaching such a decision.
Those programmes are in tended to be only 50% EU-funded; ECU 15 m is earmarked for this in the EU budget, with the bulk of that - ECU 11.6 m - being destined for measures to combat bee diseases.
The figure of 0.7 % is not being achieved and, even worse, the level of aid is declining.
Genetic engineering is playing an increasing role in agricultural useful plants, albeit principally through changes to the agronomic qualities more than changes to the products themselves.
IR office administers international student exchange.
The report also does not say a single word about the massive trade in second-hand weapons, or the widespread practice of selling handguns in sections or as technical equipment.
Parliament and the Commission must pay more attention to this sector, which is so important from the social point of view.
Proper time limits were not kept to. We changed and decided to hold a debate, but nobody said really why we did.
We agreed a five-year programme to assist people who are drug-dependent at the moment to reduce their dependency and to reduce the incidence of drug dependency, and we agreed a pro gramme of closer cooperation between our customs au thorities and business in the fight against drugs so that the border-free Europe that we have created will not be something that can be easily exploited by those engaged in crime.
It has been argued, on the other hand, that it is part of a freight forwarder's business to provide a transit guarantee, that either profit or business advantage derive from the operation and that a forwarder always has the option of refusing to take on business.
There has been a real breakthrough in the protection of human rights, with the establishment of equal treatment for men and women, the fight against social exclusion and a ban on discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation, for example.
This could be used to differentiate the payments according to the farm size, in favour of small holdings.
It is expected that the White Paper in question wUl be issued in toe first half of this year.
Just as it stated in its report to the Council of 3 April 1996, the Commission wishes it to be understood now, also, that it is not seeking new powers in the tourism sector, or in any other sector for that matter, and that it believes that it is up to the intergovernmental conference to deliver an opinion on the matter.
In attempting to build agreement on these issues, we have to put our own house in order in Europe and secure the involvement of the different actors in civil society in implementing sustainable development and environmental education both at home and-in the South.
This is removed by the draft directive.
Since 1994, recognition of these special features has been diminished because of changes made to the POSEI pro grammes; the existing mechanisms and instruments were applied only to some of the areas where they could have been.
Demographyy cannot be looked upon as an expression or statistical representation of isolated man, each one, each number, one woman or one man.
These figures show that whilst the volume of work increased considerably, the trend levelled out in 1998, both as a percentage and in terms of absolute figures.
These agreements belong to the third genera­tion, or the third wave, of such agreements and they have our wholehearted support.
Contracting Parties ensure that for the transport of tobacco and alcohol as well as for other sensitive goods as determined by the competent authorities, advance information on the transport of such goods under customs seal is forwarded immediately by the customs office of departure or entry to the customs office of destination or exit;
Paragraph 10 states: 'Considers it essential that, if Member States...', but instead of 'Member States' it should state 'Council', which, legaUy speaking, is not the same thing.
The institutions are strong, they are very strong, because they are free, built on solidarity and fairness and they work in a democratic way.
Needless to say, Commissioner, I should not wish . the electronic component to be found by the customer when he carves his Sunday joint at toe lunch table, so toe question of a sensible niche for toe microchip, based on practical experience, wiU certainly have to be discussed somewhat sooner.
Overall such omissions represent almost wilful negligence and a failure to protect the legitimate interests of those using the transit system, the taxpayer at large and the economy as a whole.
These then call on the guarantors (insurance companies) to pay.
Past examples of European cooperation are significant moreover: hybrid materials, budgets over spent series cancelled.
Does this mean the end for Europe?
But to revert to national energy policies is quite simply wrong.
We think the limits it creates on how these grants can be used are too restrictive.
The S.A.F.E. (Secure Accurate Forwarding through Europe) project has been developed to implement just such intelligent,, highly sensitive, permanent, proactive surveillance for the transportation of goods.
However, fees to attend such meetings cannot be paid from the Tempus grant;
We shall see what it can do.
I recall to mind the fact that the average deficit of the Union has fallen from 6.2 % of GDP in 1993 to 4.3 % in 1996.
0 Vicechairman of the Berlin SPD (1992-1994).
■ legislation implementing the "excessive deficit" procedure, including the Stability and Growth Pact;
We should start with least cost planning - which the bank also prescribes - and invest no money in projects that do not meet our concepts of safety and electricity output.
Group of the Party of the European Socialists Group of the European People's Party (Christian-Democratic Group) Group of the Union for Europe Group of the European Liberal Democratic and Reformist Party
Parliament, along with the Commission, insisted on the need for a non-discrimination clause to be inserted in the new treaty and called in particular for
Personally I do not go along with that at all and I do not believe that one can accuse of obscurantism people like Mr Monfils and other speakers who feel a kind of medieval terror in the face of technological progress.
Debates of the European Parliament
According to recent reports in the press (see FT 19 January 1997, page 1), ship losses increased by more than 10 % in 1996 due to the world's ageing shipping fleet - with a resultant substantial increase in loss of life and environmental damage.
Self-government may be one of the most efficient ways of tackling these problems.
It would also be necessary to take noise into account far more when building new rail networks, new roads and new vehicles.
I am afraid the principles involved are far too important for that.
Nevertheless, it was agreed that the amount concerned was substantial, most of all in the field of sensitive products.
0 More than 120 original scientific papers published with over 1500 citations in international jour­nals.
I know that the Luxemburg Presidency supports that.
Are we becoming any wiser as a result of this tragedy?
Indeed we will strive against this.
Compromiseamendments
If there was no decision, everything else is supposition.
Economics spokesman of the Socialist parliamentary group (1977-1982).
The matter could be taken up with the big, shipping companies operating in Europe and one could attempt to have them realize their responsibility, the obligation they have, with us, to ensure the maritime future of Europe.
We as a Commission have to obey the requirements of the treaty, but I should like to
Like a thread, Madam President, running through the committee's 38 recommendations is its awareness that a European customs service ought to be the longterm aim. In the meantime, however, measures are proposed with a view to creating a common framework for the transit system.
I would just like to reiterate two important points that emerged from our discussion: one was that these decisions should be taken only by qualified majority voting in the Council and, if that is not agreed, then Parliament should be reconsulted immediately; secondly, Parliament should be involved in aU cases of suspension at the earliest possible opportunity. I would be grateful for confirmation from the Commission that would be the case.
It must have toe courage of our democratic principles.
However, should this not be carried through within a reasonable period of time, contrary to expectations, in other words by the end of this year, then we should not just raise a warning finger, as was the case with the vote in the Committee, of Inquiry, but would really be obliged to hold a vote of censure pursuant to Article 144 of the Treaty.
However, this does not mean that no preparations were made.
Amendments from the Committee on the Environment strengthened the consumer aspects of this campaign, stressing that good consumer information should be at its core.
The delay in implementing the programme may have been mainly due to the following reasons: lack of experience at the Ministry of Education,
President - What a pity you had to quaüfy your praise. (')
It will contribute to prosperity and encourage free trade; we can all see it as something extremely positive - and we should be saying so.
This is an indication of how essential it is to raise the level of demand and increase purchasing power.
Fully-fledged mail-order companies selling such products now operate on the Internet.
In response to Mrs Colombo Svevo, there are projects by the Commission with the aim of detecting the problems which exist in the field of equal pay in the Member States and identify the best practice 'that exists in the Member States so that we can have that applied right across the Union's territory.
Corbe« their powers, it is possible to go to the Court to seek to verify whether the principle of subsidiarity has been overstepped or not.
On the one hand forest protection is highlighted, while on the other, the emphasis is placed, and indeed priority is placed, on better commercial use.
On behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations I wish to call attention primarily to the position of the European fleet in the world market.
Our position has not just been drawn up within a theoretical framework, but is also based on many contacts in the field and on an excellent relationship with the services of Directorate­General IV, for which I would thank you once again.
Will it not be impossible, in practice, to keep these matters separate when we are considering how they will apply in cooperating countries.
I assume that, for the youngsters who took part in it, this was the first time they had heard the word 'patent'.
One thing is sure about our Europe. It is not the sanctuary of Western Christendom, Mr Martens.
It has enabled young people and adults to learn far more than they could in the past about the reality of Europe, its languages and its culture, and this, we believe, is crucial to greater and more effective unity on our continent.
I believe it is important for us to support the widest possible right to bring legal actions, since NGOs and individuals in the various countries will be our best allies if we are to determine how environmental legislation is being implemented in practice, as the Commission has in a way also indicated.
To hear the way you have spoken here, President Santer, I feel you may be unable to imagine that Europe can play a leading role in the world without a military presence.
Debates of the European ParUament
Subsequently, toe British authorities failed to carry out the inspections necessary for the introduction of eradication measures.
The document is in the Council's hands and the Council already has a proposal before it from the German delegation on how these mistakes can be corrected.
In particular, the recognition, certification and validation of educational courses and qualifications is often a stumbling block to their progress.
This is where the business criterion of allow ing equipment to get old so that writing it off will take longer and be easier, to maximize profits.
0 Member of the federal party executive.
The fight against poverty, the search for lasting develop ment, defence of the environment, notably the fight against deforestation, mine clearance, education, encouragement of private investment, and also the promotion 'of democracy and respect for human rights are amongst the main objectives of this agreement.
It remains to be seen how the House wiU vote.
There are some 18 million small and medium sized enterprises in the European Union, employing 70 million people (70 9c of the working population), and they account for two out of every three new jobs which have been created.
There is nothing disturbing or shocking about all that.
On first assessment, the Commission estimates such finance at'about ECU 400 million.
In the case of the second agreement on procurement in the telecommunications sector, Israel is immediately abolish­ing a 15 per cent price preference and gradually removing the provision on compensation that it was in fact accorded under the Government Procurement Agreement.
The Commission decided not to accept Amendments Nos 3 and 6, which relate to the countries that did not reply to the questionnaire.
Commissioner Marin, you visit this region often, including Syria.
I would call upon Commissioner Pinheiro to submit the OCT decisions as quickly as possible and to ensure that the relationship between the OCTs, the ACP countries and the European Union also improves and does not lead to havoc as was the case, amongst others, with the rice dispute.
Innovative measures, be they investment in intermodal transport equipment, in transshipment facilities or for access to rail or inland waterway structures, are sensible and important.
The committee will be required to give its opinion on all matters which, althougharising in a different specific field (public health, economic policy, external economic relations, relations with European or other associatedcountries), may have somebearing on the organization of the Community's agricultural market and on matterspertaining to commercial policy with regard to agriculturaproducts.l lll. Committee on Budgets
Apart from that, damages are primarily a matter for the national courts. Such claims have therefore to be brought before the national courts.
Naturally those involved were appalled.
0 Engineering and Technology (especially in the energy and telecommunications sectors)
There is one thing that is of interest to the United States; there is the other which is of interest to us.
The precise financial rules will be specified in the contract.
In the absence of methods of proof enabling the allergenicity of genetically modified foods to be established in advance, the latter will be placed on the market and tested on consumers.
Of course I can launch toe thing tomorrow.
But such an approach is not enough.
Often, the national parliaments have neither the time nor the means to follow the development of European issues.
Nor can the cancellation of the third reading in the codecision procedure be regarded as any great result either.
At its meeting in Dublin on 13 and 14 December 1996, toe European Council welcomed the progress made for toe establishment of a European Monitoring Centre on Racism and.Xenophobia.
As mentioned above, there were no practical problems with the transit system in the years from 1973 to 1993.
Relief, rehabilitation and development, p. 286
We have tremendously important historic and cultural aspects which are capable of develop ment.
The declaration that priority will be given to consumer protection and health policy in toe EU is an important signal, not least for the citizens of Austria.
I cannot quite understand Mr Dimitrakopoulos' idea about a task force, but with regard to the area surrounding Israel there can certainly be a role for Europe.
I had to make it clear to the public that, on the one hand, the Council and not Parliament has the final say; on the other, I was also able to set minds at rest by stating that Parliament certainly had no desire to deprive these professionals of their livelihoods.
For practical reasons it was decided that, while fraud in transit issues clearly has a Community dimension, the fight against smuggling has to be dealt with at national level by the national manufacturers' associations in close cooperation with the authorities of the Member States.
Proposal for a Council Decision providing macrofinancial assistance for the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (COM(97)0235 - C4-0254/97-97/0144(CNS))
They do not want to hear about moral issues.
A good example is that my report on the ICT industry was adopted at the last part­session.
I hope that this report represents the first stage in a concerted battle against this type of fraud.
Berthu (I­EDN). ­ (FR) Madam President, in some European wine­growing regions we are witnessing an escalating crisis of excess production which should be eliminated immediately by a carefuUy structured pro­gramme of action.
Debates of the European Parliament
So, in my opinion, it comes down to two issues. First, we need to agree on procedures which will be acceptable to all and in which the role of Parliament is at least described in the same way as it is already set out in the Maastricht Treaty.
This aid includes food, medicine, medical equipment and health products.
Their stubborn attitude is intended to create the impression, not only here but at home - in domestic politics, in other words - with a big lobby, that everything is going to stay the way it was.
France is the example I am familiar with.
Attendance at a meeting with the administrative council and with the working group.
(Parliament rejected the oral amendment)
All these products contain an active principle, and that is what really has to be controlled, in view of the routine and widespread use of products containing such active princi­ples.
Only in that way is the Commissioivable to guarantee that the Community resources are used in an efficient and transparent manner.
By virtue of the existing internal market anangements in Europe, the contracting entities concerned in the European Union have been required to give only limited additional undertakings.
This decision was taken following the failure to make any progress domestically in the country, particularly concern ing the human rights situation and the process of democ ratization in the country.
Berend (PPE). - (DE) Madam President I should like to do two things, and also make some comments on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy.
In December 2007 the European Commission approved investment of € E80.7 million in four programmes in Croatia, on regional competitiveness, transport, environmental protection and human resources development.
Joint motion for a resolution (3) on preparation for the Amsterdam European Council on 16/17 June 1997
Travel expenses can be easily administered by giving Parliamentarians travel cards.
Members of the European Parliament
Member States' ministers responsible for VAT have rejected the idea of setting an upper limit on VAT rates in the EU.
In many cases, absolute inflexibility means a lack of feasibility and confidence suffers as a result.
Em p has L· L· placed on system security which applies at various stages f rom application for "Club" membership, through UCR request/ allocation and user security and status vetting, to time monitoring and reporting of UCR activity through to termination of the transit transaction.
The President shall set two deadlines for tabling draft amendments and proposed modifications: the first shall be before, and the second after, the adoption of thereport by the committee responsible.
NOTE TO READER
That is the first point, and that is crystal clear.
Community Plant Varieties Office - Angers European Agency for Safety and Health at Work - Bilbao
It is an MEP's role to make a down-to-earth assessment of whether the outcome of the IGC corresponds to our own ideas and objectives.
As Klondyke fever sets in, humankind will be reduced to a source of raw materials which can be exploited at will.
It would therefore be disastrous if less support was given to agriculture in the Objective 6 area than in the more favoured areas, and therefore I disagree with Mrs Myller on this point.
I would like to add that this question raises, more widely, the problem of the scope of the European Parliament.
PROBLEMS IN THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT fCT) SYSTEMA Scotch Whisky Industry Perspective on the Current Situation
You have told me twice before that you would ensure that I received a reply as quickly as possible.
Farmer and gualified social science teacher.
I spoke about the need to have a clearer and more transparent system when we decide about subsidies.
Sitting of Wednesday, 17 September 1997
President. - The second point raised by Mrs Green concerns the deadline for tabling amendments on the Amsterdam European Council.
I hope then that something will finally be done and that the new French Government will take up this matter.
Martinez (NT), in writing. - (FR) The compromise Regulation before us on novel foods and, more generally, on genetically modified organisms does not put an end to the problem.
International law European studies Economics
(European Parliament resolutions: 01C 267,14.10.1991; OJ C150,15.6.1992;
• Group of the Party of European Socialists • Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) • Group of the European Liberal, Democratic and Reformist Party
The concept of work has completely changed.
Finally, the European Parliament must formaUy be associ­ated with the European Union delegation to these confer­ences and I look forward to a commitment on that from the Commission.
It seems to me that the operation and existence of the third pillar shows unambiguously that of the four fundamental freedoms that this Community is supposed to be based on, the freedom of movement of persons is the lesser one, even in a Union that does not tire of telling us that we now live in a citizens' Europe.
If, for example, an investigating magistrate in one Member State required investigative information from another Member State, he would have no guarantee that his request would be met, or, if so, when.
A decision was taken by the Commission, by Parliament and all the way along the decisionmaking process in the Community.
This is the third time I have been involved in a revision of the Treaty of Rome.
In fact the parties involved in that Conference, at least as regards the presentation of proposed amendments, are the national representatives of the Member States and the Commission.
We have been able to show that we can teach, through our own hardwon experience, something about that.
19 to 23 October 4 to 5 November 16 to 20 November 2 to 3 December 14 to 18 December
The office is located in IPE II.
It follows, also, that the hopefully successful expansionist negotiations must not lead to the weakening of the position of the developing world.
We need a change in attitudes. More enterprise and initiative would give Europe the adaptabUity and variety we need to be able to benefit from the global economy.
Pursuant to the provisions of Articles 52 and 58 of the EC Treaty, private individuals and companies established under the law of a Member State enjoy the right of freedom of establishment in the other Member States.
But all those who advocate such postponement must answer the following question: what is to happen in 1999?
European integration is not irreversible.
So it is out of the question at this stage to launch a premature examination, to make the Member States un dergo a qualification test.
0 Former adviser to the Minister for French Culture and head of the Deputy Prime Minister's private office.
I think that the results of this Treaty, from the Swedish point of view, show that, contrary to what is sometimes said, the small countries do have the opportunity to influence the primary direction of policy within the Union.
The company was thus obliged to make do with documentation in French only.
Particularly, perhaps, when it is aimed at young people and education, and here I am looking back, not only to what Mrs d'Ancona and Mr Cars said but also to what Mr Watson said.
The European Parliament has very specific responsibilities in the process of further integrating Europe, particularly since the Single Act and the Maastricht Treaty.
I would point out to the honourable Member that there is little that we can actually force Turkey to do, but what we can do is to make it clear that the European Union and the international community are closely monitoring how this conflict is being handled, particularly as it concerns a country with which we have been holding talks on this very issue for such a long time, and which is hoping for closer relations and even further integration with the European Union.
To retara to the Commission's proposal, the annex to it contains the agreed energy policy objectives.
Today, speaking on behalf of the collectively responsible committee of the European Parliament, I am presenting a report which was fortunate enough to be approved unanimously, with no opposing vote and no abstentions.
That is not the best way of doing things.
Those in charge must be able to devise reading materials and to exchange expertise and experience on the subject with colleagues elsewhere in the Union.
Any restrictive measures are regarded as being throwbacks to the former regime, and this has also helped the growth in organized crime.
Maghreb researchers have participated in all these activities.
The Commission regrets that it is unable to share the honourable Member's opinion regarding the timing of the negotiations with Mexico.
Hungarian Tempus Office Ida Utka 2, 2"d floor H­1143 Budapest Tel.: (36)1­34 300 12/34 300 13
Why not maintain the financial per spectives at 1.27 % until that Council, so that any changes in the meantime can be taken into account?
Are we therefore to conclude that the Commission has no respect for the demand expressed by the House and enshrined in the Treaties that all the official languages of the Union deserve and must be given equal treatment?
Clearly we still have a long way to go, but we are optimistic and the first test will be in a few months' time when, after the necessary harmonization of texts and finalization of legal details, the treaty will be signed and the European Parliament will then give its final opinion on its content.
Mather (PPE), rapporteur. - Mr President, at the heart of the work of any Parliament is the duty to scrutinize, revise and improve draft legislation.
The European Union should no longer accept that 70 % of its population is subjected to unacceptable levels of noise pollution. We are ready to discuss that!
Mr Killilea: 194 votes Mr Paasio: 214 votes Mr Viola: 169 votes van Mierlo, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we like to say that Europe is the cradle of democracy, but no one can deny that there is still a gap between the process of European integration and securing democratic legitimation for it.
It is important to review toe existing mechanism of support for intermodal services.
I just want to say that in Slovenia a special regulation has been passed with the association agreement and I believe that a regulation mentioned during the accession negotiations can hardly take second
Ribeiro (GUE/NGL). - (PT) Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I find aspects of this report very important and I am very glad to be able to underline that.
Trained as an agricultural technician, specializing in farm management and accountancy.
This tendency to ban everything has had negative effects such as a black market and the paradox of seeing people suffering from a regulation in favour of animals; this is the case of Botswana where too many elephants are spoiling the crops and preventing the local people from eking out a living.
In addition, the Centre intends to continue a number of projects started in 1998, such as the quarterly newsletter, the drafting of a vade mecum for freelance translation, the development of a database for the management of freelance resources and a project to provide external translators with access to electronic translation tools.
Giansily economic distribution key to be resolved sooner and not later.
Sisó Cruelias (PPE). ­ (ES) Madam President, Commu­nity institutions have long been concerned about charging and external costs regarding transport.
Group of the European People's Party Wilfried Martens (B)
22.12.1932 Member of the European Parliament Sweden SAP MEP: 01.01.1995
They take a positive view of the Commission's report, but put forward a number of note worthy critical views.
That is why sport is on today's agenda, so that Parliament can express its wish to have sport included somewhere in the Amsterdam Treaty, the successor treaty to Maastricht, perhaps in a paragraph which could most appropriately be added to Article 128 on culture.
The European Parliament has three places of work: Luxembourg, Brussels and Strasbourg.
Various horticultural research projects were presented to the attendees, followed by guided tours of the new glasshouse, mushroom, and controlled environment facilities which have resulted from recent Ministry investments on the site.
Regarding Amendment No 24, our group is in favour of this.
The fruits of these advances are seen in the enhanced policy relevance of this year's report, most obvi­ously where it branched into new areas:
Elliott (PSE), - Mr President, I have to return again to the difficulties which Members experienced in getting here to Strasbourg for this plenary session.
(NL) This kind of statement clearly shows why resolutions on northern Iraq are still necessary from time to time.
President of the Green Cross, Sweden.
Querbès (GUE/NGL). - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, you are waiting for the panel to complete its work, and I realize that, but you must admit that the World Trade Organization is producing one verdict after another, and all the verdicts are similar.
Access to the Transeuropean networks and other international trade flows is the only way to open the door to close cooperation with Europe.
What I would call the 'incrementalist' approach which consists in the analysis of given programmes or activities, and then, as Mr Baggioni mentioned, an approach which places the accent upon a certain political imperative which is linked to the fundamental geographical reality of the islands.
The manifold and permanent handicaps of the outermost regions arise from theh island status but are exacerbated by theh remoteness from other regions of continental Europe and, similarly, other island regions.
Should the Scottish authorities consider assistance to the area to be a top priority, the Commission along with the local partners is ready to take into consideration any type of environmental management scheme which would minimize the adverse impact of these rainfalls and ensure longterm sustainability while supporting economic development.
What practical steps does the Commission intend to take to compel the Turkish armed forces to withdraw?
At the request of the Commission or the Council, a committee may decide tohold its proceedings in camera.
Will the Commissioner also consider looking into EU standards to encompass the recent outbreak of crypto-spirillum bacteria in the UK?
It is not enough for us to say that we wish to' monitor the activities and function of lobbyists.
President. - There seems to be a problem regarding amendment 3.
The Commission responded by instructing the Portuguese Government immediately to suspend the effects of this State guarantee in respect of all commercial activities undertaken by the EPAC in the cereals sector.
The committee will be required to give its opinion on problems associated with youthemployment policy and vocational training.
come up with a proposal in this regard.
Granted, we are on the wrong course, but in fact the vessel is drifting, engines stopped. An intellectual conversion like the one awaiting Europe does not take place over night, and it is not insignificant that the idea of reinforced cooperation has become established, pending the arrival of differentiated cooperation at some future date.
On that basis, my group wUl bæk the report which has been tabled, and we hope that it will be adopted in a form which does not entail a one-sided view of the world.
0 Member of the Bundesrat.
I congratulate the rapporteur, and I note that the Directive provides for a variety of instruments to enable these objectives to be achieved', periods allowed for withdrawal, reversal of the burden of proof under certain conditions,
Member of the Rhineland-Palatinate Land Assembly (1983-1994). CDU Group Vice-Chairman (1986-1994).
We have distributed an edited version and I ask you to put it to the vote.
The objective should be to adopt this small and partial reform, now that four years have elapsed, so that we can concentrate on the need for bigger changes.
Still on drugs, an evaluation report will be presented to the Luxembourg European Council on implementing the joint action on the harmonization of legislation and practices of judicial authorities and police and customs services.
My third and final point concerns bench marks.
The forwarding agent who assumes liability, as principal, for customs transit is usually only the person organizing the transport.
The Commission and the Council of Ministers have studied the possibility of applying Article K.9 on two occasions.
Similarly, all parliamentary documents are translated into and published in these 11 languages. guages.
No 4-500/113 van den Broek transport and telecommunications sectors (C4-0039/97-95/0080(COD)) (Rapporteur: Mr Langen)
Former consultant, Federation of Office Workers, Denmark 0 Chairman of the Social Democratie Party in Næstved.
Nevertheless, a proper reading of the subsidiarity principle would call on us to look at a number of the problems raised by this report, in a more flexible way, in a more appropriate way, which would be more effective than a systematic and sometimes abusive communitarization of the issue.
Before submitting your application, please make sure that you have:
The first is the underimplementation of the Structural Funds. The problem is a substantial one, even though today's figures are less alarming than they were in 1995, the first year of the programming period.
In the preparation of the amendments, as part of the relevant examination, the following elements were taken into account:
What has been said about the decision­making process is important too.
So I would ask you to suspend the sitting so that this incident can be dealt with and we can vote on the resolution in a calm and orderly fashion.
I agree with Mr Occhetto that there is a third force in play.
Skinner (PSE), draftsman of the opinion of the Commit tee on Social Affairs and Employment. - Mr President, many thanks to Mr Mather for his work on this report.
My own country is making sure that our football cup final, cricket internationals and tennis from Wimbledon are available to the general public.
Finally, we must gradually build up a security and defence identity.
This was justified given thé extent of the damage done and the need to continue programmed investment.
But did you say, for example, how you intend to deal with something as simple as the dispute over the paper on future food policy, which the Commission announced over a year ago and which we are still waiting to see?
Debates of the European Parliament
a) Computerizing the transit procedure
As the draftsman of the REX Committee, I have taken a look at the draft regulation and, like Mr Virgin, I could only shake my head at some of the points proposed there.
Mrs Ahlqvist, the rapporteur, showed that very clearly.
Debates of the European Parliament
And it also involves using taxes to exercise control.
The success of these hung to a large extent on whether or not women were receiving optimal encouragement.
On Amendment No 6
I was present on the occasion that is now being discussed, and it was the first time that I heard a Member admitting openly and apologising to this House for voting incorrectly and voting twice.
Is this not a sign that we should review what is obviously a counter-productive approach?
Bontempi has become generally obsolete.
We want the institutional authority of this body to be recognised and reinforced.
Part of that control system requires a rapid identification of annuals which potentially pose a risk.
The GIA promised terror... it has certainly kept its word.
He had you reply to Mr Giansily's excellent question that the number 'five' cannot be found in the Rules.
The Commissioner said that his new Director-General has already had six meetings, but let us see what action results from those meetings, as the saying goes, 'where is the beef, let us get on with it'.
Van Miert, Member of the Commission. - (NL) It is certainly true that the Commission always has a whole series of investigations in progress regarding cartels, agreements and possible abuses of dominant positions.
About what proportion of transit irregularities in percentage terms give rise to a genuine investigation by customs or other public authorities?
In particular there is the use of voluntary agreements in the promotion of a carbon dioxide tax.
Roubatis (PSE). - (EL) Mr. President, I see that some Members are almost disappointed that things have not turned out in Albania as they had expected.
Price per page in euro
Chapter III is reserved for withdrawals of applications for Community plant variety rights.
This will not change after the amendment as principally agreed upon in the Council on 34 April.
In general terms I want to say that I fully understand, as does the Commission, that such a request is often made to the Commission in cases such as Vietnam.
Wohlfart, President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Concerning the. adoption of a programme aimed at promoting European tourism, the work group of the Council which was set up for this reason, wUl recommence its work as from tomonow.
What, then, are the central concerns of the report and of the Committee on Development and Cooperation?
We dissent from the proposal that the country-of-destination principle should be replaced by the country-of-origin principle in regard to VAT collection.
The experts' hearing on this subject in the Social Affairs Committee gave us a taste of the difficulties ahead in the search for a solution to the problem of informing and consulting employees.
Furthermore, the continuing criticism from the EP of the Commission's estimates of agricultural expenditure strikes me as rather curious.
The cumulated 3 885 433.66.
So we need to have a worldwide environmental strategy with an impact assess ment because the environment is worldwide.
These countries justify the institution by us of certain forms of aid, provided, Mr President, that they are really effective and do not have the paradoxical purpose of compensating for the disastrous effects of. blockade policies against some of these States pursued by some of our partners in the region.
When the single market took effect in 1993, an efficient system of veterinary checks on products imported from third countries became indispensable.
It should be stressed here that a Committee of Inquiry of the European Parliament is not a judicial or even quasi-judicial body. Whether it should be is a separate issue, but at present a Committee of Inquiry cannot:
School teaching and its content is not a matter for the EU.
But today what is the main aim of trade?
Just take a look at the laws on aliens in the various countries!
Although the Commission was a great help in this respect, the lack of proper, tailor-made software to run the accounting system was the cause of many problems in the financial management of the Office.
They are adequate without encouraging any degree of excess.
We are also convinced that the adoption, as soon as possible, by the European Parliament of the text proposed to us concerning excessive deficits and strengthening the surveillance and coordination of budgetary policies is absolutely vital if we are to have the text finalized in time for the Amsterdam Summit.
Qualified agriculturist. PhD.
All relevant proposals scheduled until mid-1997 have been tabled or will be tabled very soon.
But as you have just massively adopted my report, and in order not to waste more time with pointless discussions with the Commission, in the light of its
Souchet (IEDN), in writing. - (FR) Before outlining the I-EDN Group's position, it should be recalled that the production of durum wheat was badly handled by the 1992 CAP.
It will be an important point in Europe's history.
0 Member of the Executive of the Environment Party in Gävle (1981-94). Member of the Environment Party's political affairs committee (1983-84); member of the advisory council (1985-86); member of the party's Executive (J 988-92).
And looking to a peaceful future, the new system needs to be capable of cementing the democratic forces around a consensus about the terms and timetable of transition until free elections can be held with their transparency guaranteed by the international community.
Vice-Chairman of the European Liberal,
The election victories of the Social Democrats have recently opened the door to the emergence of an economic policy which stresses the importance of employment.
Group of the European Uberai Democratic and Reformist Party Gijs de Vries (NL)
English edition
I have listened to the remarks by Mrs Roth, Mrs Ainardi and Mr Scarbonchi: many of us believe that this text should have had a moral and ethical preamble explaining the technical choices we would have to make in retrospect.
It is something I feel strongly about, because it could help us to solve many problems in future for our frontier workers, who are after all the daily embodiment of what Europe means.
Is the Commission not concerned that this may set a precedent for countries who want to avoid a commitment to human rights when negotiating cooperation agreements with the European Union?
These can be any members of the university administrative services, e.g. financial administration, student services, library etc.
The information from the Commission that only half the measures in the 1985 White Paper on the internal market have been fully implemented in the Member States is therefore very disturbing.
A Union which has economic and increasingly political weight on the world stage is more than many people had expected and some had hoped.
President. - The debate is closed.
Table 3 expresses fraud and other irregularities as a percentage of the total volume of transit operations recorded.
I should simply like to tell you that all of the main decisions of principle have been taken in each of these fields.
Finally, employment is our main preoccupation and it must be integrated into all European policies.
I am not about to discuss the rights or wrongs of the nuclear energy industry, which is a matter for the individual states. Therefore, it is not a question of knowing whether the proportion of energy produced by nuclear reactors should increase or decrease.
In addition, Members of Parliament can put written or oral questions to the Commission.
The coordination procedure proposed here is an experimental move.
We are standing on the threshold.
We should also take this opportunity to express our appreciation to Commissioner Oreja and the former Direc-torGeneral of DG XX, Miss Flesch, for the work they have done in protecting and promoting Europe's culture.
And the ability to exploit economies of scale is precisely what characterizes the single market.
Today, though, we have undoubtedly reached a turning point that the Union will find it difficult to negotiate.
Too often those with plenty of money, and especially the perpetrators of economic crimes, very easily succeed in influencing the country of extradition.
I support all the rapporteur's amendments in the report and I agree that the Commission has taken a completely paternalistic attitude, which Mrs Jackson illustrated splendidly.
If that is our purpose, I do not think this is the right way to achieve it.
We are, however, concerned over how Article 7(2) of the Directive, the wording of which is not unambiguous, will be interpreted.
Goerens (ELDR). - (FR) Madam President, I have just tabled an amendment taking up the main suggestion that I worded in a report dealing with the same issue and addressed to the Luxembourg Prime Minister, i.e. granting a right of appeal to national parliaments for the purpose of annulling Community acts for ultra vires or other serious reasons, according to the provisions of Article 173(2) of the Treaty.
As for the report by Mr Papayannakis, there are two main issues which we must consider: toe first is whether the labelUng system should be voluntary or obligatory, and toe second is whether it should only apply to whole pieces of beef or to beef products as well.
Ghilardotti this valuable report, is an important step towards a more just working world.
HEADING
So approval for agricultural and industrial products is simply a political issue, just as is the case for citizens who are born and remain German, Portuguese or Italian but live as European citizens.
What we are doing under this programme is precisely what has been said in this debate. We must thank Mrs BoogerdQuaak for pointing out in her report what we have been doing from the outset.
The reform process in Chile is by far the most advanced and stable in Latin America. The framework agreement is an important pillar of these democratic reforms.
This can have disastrous results, as we found, for example, in the case of gene manipulation.
As I pointed out in Strasbourg on Friday: in future different procedures should be introduced, not just at Parliament level but also in relation to the consultation procedure applied by the Commission and the Council vis à vis the Committee on External Economic Relations. Otherwise we will not be able to carry out our important duties.
Luxembourg k» compulsory public social security schemes
Checks should also be carried out with regard to third countries, and bilateral agreements with third countries should be reviewed, to identify shortcomings in safety.
Poggiolini (PPE), rapporteur. - (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the legislative journey of the pro gramme of Community action on health monitoring concludes with this third reading.
Romanian Tempus Office Constantin Noica Street 140 RO ­ 79782 Bucharest 6 Tel.: (40)1­6373590 Fax: (40)1­3121065 E­mail: info@tempus. kappa, ro
ANNEX II: MEASURES TO BE TAKEN BY THE EUROPEAN UNION IN ORDER TO ELIMINATE TOBACCO CONTRABAND
Please find enclosed a preliminary general document by the CNPF on fraud in Community transit.
The airport may be used for very occasional military exercises but remains open to the public through out the entire exercise.
Is it realistic to assume that Europe's cattle can be individually monitored by means of centralized databases, or are we just creating
Clearly the objective can also be achieved, and this is envisaged in MAGP IV, by reducing fishing activity, but I would point out, not so much to the House which has taken this on board, but to the Council, which is having problems grasping it, that a reduction in activity is hard to monitor, is often not particularly transparent and has, plainly, to be based on a system of checks that has yet to be devised.
I now come to the second reason for my gratefulness: the Presidency must say that we feel very much comforted by the European Parliament over various essential points such as extending codecision, extending the majority decisionmaking process, transferring the third pillar to the first, strengthening the role of the Court of Justice, the attention paid to fundamental rights, to employment and the environment, to mention just a few.
0 Member of the council, 13th arrondissement, Paris.
There is no reason why we should deviate from the basic principles that we have aheady adopted here in toe European Parliament.
The decision was discussed with the Swedish Customs Administration, which asked for written notification about the ban so as to be able to discuss the matter in the Customs Code Committee in Brussels.
I will not revert to the issues mentioned earlier by Mr Söderman. We agree completely that a pragmatic approach to bad management is the most helpful way.
A dynamic event which does not simply talk about best practice but an event which actually has before it well worked out concrete proposals and agrees to implement these proposals.
A month later, we must judge it by the yardstick of our great objectives for the European Union.
In 1994, the European Parliament called for a rethink, when countries were estimating their gross domestic product (GDP), so as to take into consideration the environmental costs of economic and industrial activities.
Andersson (PSE). - (5V) Mr President, I would like to thank both rapporteurs for a really first-class report and at the same time also thank the Commission for an excellent communication on a code of practice.
From our point of view, that revision is not going to achieve the aims recommended by the Treaty itself.
I would therefore ask that this report be approved
With regard to category 5, we need better administrative management.
As you know, for once the entire humanitarian community has spoken with one voice and sent a report to the Security Council on 6 May 1997, through the United Nations Department of Humanitarian Affairs.
For instance, I hope that the funding for our major programmes, such as the Meditenañean programme, or the support for Eastern and Central Europe, for the former Soviet Union, for Asia, Africa and Latin America, will be concentrated more on renewable energy sources.
Both these organizations are deeply distressed that the.
I have to say, though, that in recent years hundreds of documents have been distributed - quite a lot of them by the CouncU itself - some of them with a profusion of colours showing a hypothetical highspeed raUway fine between Madrid and Lisbon.
Turning to the substance of the matter, the figure is 5 %, but there is also voluntary setaside, which is still possible up to a rate of 33 %.
In addition to these 20 standing committees, Parliament can also set up subcommittees, temporary committees, which deal with specific problems, or committees of inquiry, as mentioned above.
These budgetary guidelines have to be seen in the new economic context: a context where the markets are taking account of the forthcoming introduction of the single currency.
It really is toe problem of toe Indian Government.
I think we should remember that our citizens' main concerns are employment and security - domestic security, of course, but external security too.
What I want personally is, once again in keeping with the great humanist traditions of Europe, all those great traditions, to rediscover that wisdom that consists in recognizing that we only really command nature by obeying it or, in other words, that there should be a new alliance between creative wisdom and human intelligence.
If so, what steps is it prepared to take to ensure that inflammable vapour is not allowed to collect in empty fuel tanks of EU-registered aircraft, leading to the possibility of an explosion similar to that of TWA flight 800 on 17 July 1996?
This is why the fight against organised crime in all its forms is one of the Union's most important joint tasks.
Please stop teUing us that we have to choose between technological progress, growth and modernity and the kind of opposition to change that will mean the regression of our European societies.
No, when we are forced to accept the fact that, today, there are no longer any role models in education.
This may include the strengthening of international networks, the implementation of wellthought out mobility plans to establish new international contacts, etc.
That should become clearly recognised.
President
We must not simply become accustomed to the plague and warn against cholera.
Mr President, today the European governments face a daunting task.
It plans to offer technical assistance to beekeepers to improve the quality of honey production,
On behalf of my group I should like to move a postponement of the vote on this report.
Graduate in law.
The vote will take place at noon tomorrow.
If it is to work and if women are to really get a fair deal in European Union policies,, the Commission and Parliament must endeavour to promulgate mainstreaming from now until the Twentyfirst Century.
Therefore we, in toe European ParUament must exert pressure on them to grant more status to these women.
After the summer the Commission will go ahead with phase three of the programme.
The plain fact is that there is no clear evidence that improving the parameters within which enterprises operate by means of this Directive would increase the number of jobs.
I will close by again emphasizing the value that the amendments which have been accepted in whole or in part add to the Commission proposal. An example of this is Amendment No 9 from the rapporteur, Mr TrakateUis, which strengthens the application of the precautionary principle.
And when Mr Teverson said that the percent age per ship was very high, he did not explain that the reason it is so high is that Community policy has been and is to reduce the number of ships.
A minimalist agreement will not achieve that.
Europe is doihg more for animals than for people, so it is no surprise that people are rejecting it.
Mr President, in my view that treaty has just been violated by the preceding vote, which has cut a week's sitting in October out of next year's session.
Rather than, for example requiring a prosecution to collect and assemble evidence from the authorities in several Member States relating to the same offence, UCLAF could supply the same information as a "package", making it more comprehensible and coherent.
In some Member States, the difference is not always clear and consumers are kept on hold for several minutes without knowing whether it is costing them a fortune. You cannot keep making changes to number plans.
With due respect for national policies and toe freedom of the Member States' governments to take decisions, does toe Commission not consider that it should issue a call to toe Italian Government and toe opposing sides in toe dispute, in particular Federmeccanica, toe national industrialists' association, in order to ensure toat toe matter is satisfactorily resolved as soon as possible through the acceptance, of toe proposal put forward by toe government?
to make the fight against contraband effective following the liberalisation associated with the Single Market, they went further, suggesting that harmonisation should be "up" to the Italian level rather than "down" to the level of some other EU Member States.
In the research that led to the drafting of this report, in which the concerted efforts of various colleagues were of major importance (for which I duly thank them), we tried to identify the main reasons for these difficulties as well as possible ways of making good the delay accumulated over the past few years.
A voluntary instrument is all very well so long as it is not required to replace framework directives that have not been passed.
In fact I should also like the Commission to help us gain a rather better insight into the scale of obstruction which is being practised in various quarters, and of the extent of cooperation. I am always hearing that the Bosnian Government is cooperating with the Tribunal, the Croats distinctly less so, and the Republika Srpska and Serbia very little indeed.
The European Parliament
The wording about the principle of pubUc access to official records looks to be very feeble.
On his recruitment policy, would he look again at the problem of discrimination on the grounds of age, which has been a considerable difficulty? Would he enter into discussions on the recruitment policies on ageism as well?
This means that the representatives at the negotiating table will always have to bear in mind, as Mr Brok said, that they are preparing for the 21st century and enlargement. We could quite easily carry on discussing until well into the 21st century whether each Member State should have its own Commissioner, but at a certain point, the talking has to stop and the institutions and procedures involved will have to be changed, and we need some indication of how this is to happen at Amsterdam, or even earlier.
So at present there can be no question of an agreement with the new ruler of Cambodia, Hun Sen, who literally walked over dead bodies to achieve power, nor can there be any question of supporting the military regime in Burma, which shows contempt for humanity, finances itself from the drug trade and from smuggling, and which accordingly has an unhealthy influence on its neighbour ing countries, which out of poverty are driven to grow opium.
We must ensure that the vessels which remain in the fleets are those which are the least destructive to the marine envhonment.
By contrast, working or processing which changes the nature of or the customs tariff applicable to the goods may be carried out only with the explicit authorization of the Directorate-General for Customs.
Today I welcome toe proposal that has been made by toe President of the Commission to hold an inter-discipUnary conference so that consumers can look forward with confidence to toe quality standards we all want to achieve and to a Europe devoted to health.
It is much more important for customs to be able to stop and check vehicles within the territories of the Member States, especially as Single Market legislation forbids the use of "systematic" checks at borders within the EU.
Following its interim agreement with Greece, the economic activities across its southern borders take on even greater significance.
But I must say toat the cooperation procedure with the Council and Commission has not been satisfactory in my eyes.
CONTENTS
Wohlfart. - (FR) Within this global context, I think I have underlined on two or three occasions the concept of conditionality.
It is your responsibility and that of the Commission to avoid a serious crisis in the coming discussions which would have a damaging effect on the population.
I too agree with many among you who have spoken, that those efforts
Of course, we deal with the transition back to Chinese sovereignty of Hong Kong.
On receipt of the copy 5, the office of departure matches it with the copy 1 it has retained and thus "clears" the transit operation.
It is the respective National Parliaments which have the greatest legitimacy dependent, in some respects, on the tum out in elections.
Second, we must cut off financial aid, which goes directly into the government's coffers and is then used to fund war chests. Third, we
First of all, we feel that the new treaty must make it clear what European citizenship involves, and this is where we wish to see important additions made to the text.
Voting may also be by secret ballot if requested by at least one fifth of thecomponent Members of Parliament.
Looking ahead to the millennium, I think it would do us good to have a European wind or even gale behind us to impel us to resolve the airspace problems.
It has encouraged an imbalance in the location of slaughter houses leading, as a result, to animals being transported over unreasonably long distances.
Parliament welcomes this possibility and looks forward to the early publication of à revised proposal by the Commission.
The men, women and children who die like that only make the news once they are dead.
Over some issues, however, we have seen a complete lack of sensitivity and we are hearing the Dutch presidency's programme here in Strasbourg, in Strasbourg where European Parliament Plenaries have repeatedly raised extremely serious issues concerning human rights violations by Turkey and where the Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg has in recent months proclaimed two decisions condemning Türkey, both in relation to the human rights of Kurds and in relation to the assets of Cypriots in areas of the Republic of Cyprus occupied by Turkish troops.
Working and study visits to Malaysia (1976) and Mexico (1979).
Numerous Belgian and foreign decorations.
To waver on chosen strategies or deviate from them may cause serious damage to a project as wide-ranging as EMU.
Amadeo because they too play an important role.
The reasons for this is that the principle is not a purely legal concept, but includes political and economic aspects too.
As a result, national policies simply cannot be replaced because they are much more varied in approach than a single European policy.
Debates of the European Parliament
No 4-493/149
The Commission services - Mr Fischler's services -proposed that for 1991 they would reduce or defer half of toe fine of 10 % and toat if things were put in order in freiand - which of course they were - then toat could be forgiven after two years.
On the basis of the Community rules, the principal has the possibility of proving regularity of a transit operation if the return copy has not been received by the office of departure.
earmark 3.9 million ECU to the benevolent fund for the elimination of mines, at the United Nations.
De Giovanni (PSE). - (LT) Madam President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, surely there is still a rather serious void in the draft treaty of 30 May.
Lukas (NI). - (DE) Madam President, the special quality and strength of the European economy lies in its structure, which relies so much on small and mediumsized enter prises.
Debates of the European Parliament
There are often very difficult circumstances in thhd countries, and we do not think young people are really up to handling such assignments.
The overall long-term objective of a project should be to support the development of the higher education systems in the partner countries, as stated in the Tempus objectives in section 2.
Vegetable species
Replaced Mrs Raymonde DURY, who was appointed Governor of the Brussels Capital Region.
Honorary Fellow of the Institute of Water and Environmental Management.
Whereas I understand the focus upon leghold traps, let us not forget that there are other traps and what this agree ment provides is a method of testing those traps and banning them if they fall foul of the agreement.
Moreover, the rapporteur must acknowledge that the change of model for which the report calls is already taking place, though through a process of reform rather than radical action.
Active project management team regular meetings of representatives of the partners in the consortium, including the target public for monitoring progress.
At various times, both through specific approaches and via dialogue in international institutions, the European Union has expressed its concern regarding the fate of the Panchen Lama appointed by the Dalai Lama.
The Commission is now assessing to what extent the whole PHARE programme for Albania needs to be reviewed, so that it can provide an adequate response to the new situation.
That is a dilemma, because it means that many business people do not have a place at European level and, conversely, the European Union has no opportunity of asserting its interests in Austria.
Madam President the European Parliament has also rea son to. be confident that all Member governments will be reminded of Parliament's wishes in this resolution during the meeting with the UN Commission on Human Rights, and that they will demand a universal, all country, moratorium on execution.
Graduate in civil engineerinc (University of Bologna).
The consumer will benefit from this new approach whereas public support for farming will slighdy increase.
McCartin (PPE), in writing. -1 am against a fuU motion of censure on the Commission at this stage because I believe that to dismiss the present Commission for toe failure of its predecessors would be wrong.
Our answer from the President-in-Office today is that we will perhaps get the Convention on the protection of the Community's financial interests ratified in mid-1998, i.e. three years after it was agreed.
But I remain very critical about the generally accepted distinction being made between illegal and harmful con tent.
THE MEMBERS OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
I would however remind him that, under every democratic constitution, criminal liability is personal: no one can be called to account for facts or actions attributed to others.
This visibility for ordinary citizens is of capital interest.
0 President of the National Federation of Medical and Dental Associations.
Adjournment of the session
United Kingdom k» violation of legislation can be subject to sanctions.
The Commission will continue to assist Yemen in institutionalising its multi-party democratic system of government.
Finally, I hope that the vote tomorrow will bring together more members of the European Parliament than are present here today. In any case, I hope that the absence of the Council is due to the fact that its representatives are taking a very close look at this latest proposal put by the Commission.
Well, we know today that the European Union has had to distil no less than 15 million hectolitres during the present wine year.
Titley (PSE), rapporteur. - Mr President, first of all I wish to say how much I regret the fact that the Council has not seen fit to be represented during this morning's important debates.
Wohlfart, President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) As President-in-Office of the CouncU I take note of the constant interest of the honourable Member regarding the situation in Sri Lanka, especially with regard to the respect, or rather lack of respect, for human rights.
Those involved must be reminded of the essential characteristic of a transit operation: The transporter must undertake to present again at the point of destination the goods contained in the means of transport for which he is responsible.
failing in certain ways and that it was more appropriate for a general examination of the procedural position of individual complainants in the Article 169 procedure to be looked at, and also, his owninitiative enquiry arising from complaints to promote public access to documents held by Community institutions.
I pay tribute to Richard Howitt, my coUeague here, for the work that he is doing in Colombia.
It has taken a long time, but as rapporteur on comparative advertising I am nevertheless •delighted.
Our subject today is first if you like, the fundamental question of the various policies and secondly a subject involving very practical conclusions.
• refer the petition to other committees of the European Parliament for them to take steps (e.g. take a petition into account in the course of their work, particularly their legislative work),
It is surprising because it goes against all recent trends towards an overall under standing of the individual, and useless because the number of practitioners will only go on growing - but without any form of protection.
A vision of how, after two world wars, Europe could move forward in peace and prosperity. And the courage to take the necessary steps to that end.
Eva Kjer Hansen on question to and answer from the Commission to her question on the T1 form (French only)
This is the question of the distribu­tion of licences, as laid down in regulation 404/93.
In that respect, when we talk about strengthening dialogue, the Parliament welcomes the ASEM dialogue process.
The next major item on which we will be focusing relates to the whole question of building policy.
A Frustrated Commission
That result is on the table today.
Debates of the European Parliament
♦ others, to cover costs not included under above categories, e.g. visa costs, bank charges, health insurance, and translations or language course registration fees when the course is provided from outside the consortium members (otherwise see administrative staff costs).
How the garage is organized is of no interest to me but what is of interest to me is to know that it is a good garage, and that I will therefore have a good car which will be properly repaired, because at the moment it is jolting along.
6. education policy;7. the EuropeanFoundation; Foundation;
We must clearly show that these physical tortures entail a symbolic violence, as the anthropologist Maurice Godelier put it, alienating women and inducing them to re-enact these barbarous practices, as a way of justifying what some people refer to as 'cultural practices' since, they say, they are accepted and practised by women themselves.
Ribeiro (GUE/NGL). - (PT) Commissioner, when refer ring to the broad economic policy guidelines, you referred to a new wage structure, and I would like to know whether you meant flexibility downwards for wage patterns, along the United States model, referred to on so many occasions in the Annual Report.
♦ include a language training element
We must not remain silent on the matter of the economic basis for this either.
These afford a new, virtual form of mobility, even in cases where physical mobility is not possible.
I have some questions for the Commission.
Because the Commission wishes to make' progress rather than stand still, I cannot accept many of the amendments advanced by Mr Jarzembowski.
Concerning Mr Macartney's amendment to the Souchet report, if we are going to have reform of the CFP, it should look to the year 2002 as agreed and we should have discussions. It should not be slipped in by the back door, as some people appear to be trying to do.
And is it aware that the legal aspect has now changed following the judgment of the French Council of State that affirmative action does not constitute discrimination?
Moreover, to take decisions today about wider policy would be premature.
Sindal (PSE). - (DA) Mr President, combined modes of transport, or to be more accurate a system in which each mode of transport is considered individually, is not only a European transport project with respect to capacity and prices offered'to those buying transport.
Similarly, in response to remarks made by the Ombudsman, the Commission always endeavours to secure the opinion of the complainant before deciding to close a case.
I am delighted they are going to get a grant but I am rather ashamed that it is so small.
A key weakness in the system
Pinheiro effectively and quickly and also because we fear that the situation wUl escalate in the near future.
But personally I find that it is not so hard for me to do so and also I rather like many of the present Commissioners. sioners.
Bonde for example, resolved nothing as far as employment is concerned.
C02and other Greenhouse gas emissions (COM(96)0369 - C4-0540/96-96/0192(CNS)).
Report on a delegation visit to Hamm on 2 December 1996
• responsibility and guarantee offered by the principals;
At the same time, greater resources, in terms of both staff and equipment, were required to deal with this workload, with a call for tender for trademark translation being issued in addition to the day-to-day activities of the Centre.
Is the Council satisfied that Article 1 of the interim trade agreement with Israel is being both properly monitored and implemented?
We should be encouraging that dialogue, in order to establish greater freedom of the press in Algeria so that we can all become aware of what is happening.
The French members of the Confederal Group of the European United Left will maintain their opposition to these amendments in the plenary session.
FINLAND EMCDDA Focal Point National Research & Devpt. Centre for Welfare & Health PO Box 220 Siltasaarenkatu 18 C (3rd Tel 353 (1)67 61 176 Fax 353 (1)6611 856
0 Commander of the Order of Leopold.
Secondly, if we are going to be able to undertake com parative advertising, we will also need a comparative study.
Reply from the Permanent Representation of Finland to the committee's questions of 5 February 1996 (English only)
The Latin America summit is something that we have not yet begun to prepare in practice.
The European Union ought to be promoting a new model of pan-European security, developing the OSCE by re forming its decisionmaking processes and increasing its capacities and resources, and coordinating the armed forces of Member States to perform 'Petersburg' missions - but always at the request of the Uniteti Nations or the OSCE.
That, I think, is the big problem.
But the democratic process does appear to have been abandoned in other areas, too - those areas which are now being transposed from the third pillar to the first.
Oddy (PSE), draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on^Legal Affairs and Citizen's Rights. - Madam President, I wish to thank my colleague, Mr Menrad, with whom I have worked for several years on this subject, and also my colleagues in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, whose point of view I am representing today.
From the right to be consulted to the role ofco-legislator co-legislator
I should be glad to hear what Commissioner Bjerregaard thinks.
(Parliament approved the request)
Our colleague, Mr Fantuzzi, righdy considers that the Commission has failed in taking so long to deal with the registrations, thus penalizing producers and cultivators who, when the single market was introduced, legitimately expected theh denominations to be exclusive throughout Community territory.
Situated in the centre of Europe in geopolitical terms, Austria is also a sensitive Alpine region which is difficult to cross.
Parigi (NT), in writing. - (LT) First of all I should like to congratulate Mr Fernandes, the rapporteur, for the excellent work he has done and for the approach taken by the report.
It is perfectly feasible for them to become a part of the European economy.
There are two particular difficulties.
Allow me to inform you that capital cities, insofar as they are cultural, financial and political decisionmaking centres, have the highest concentration of services in the country in question, but that this concentration also makes them a centre of attraction for local immigration and immigration from third countries, result ing in a most appreciable increase in the marginal population, the unemployed, and the consequent depopulation and impoverishment of the sunounding region.
Priorities for Compact projects in 1999/2000
Negotiations are still going on and I am unable to tell you what progress we have made but we are doing our best to guarantee a fruitful outcome one way or another.
Furthermore, national parliaments will also have to ratify the enlargements. Quite frankly, if the enlargements are not prepared in the right conditions, I am not sure that our public opinions will adhere to them.
If a complaint is wrongly deemed inadmissible, the citizen's rights are put at risk.
During the present inquiry into the Community transit system, Switzerland has occasionally been accused of being a centre of contraband goods.
The company invoked Article 379(2) of the Transit Regulation, the customs service granted a three-month period of grace.
These amendments are intended primarily to emphasize our clear agreement on the final choice of the principle of country of origin.
With a new and creative combination, the brake could be changed into a driving force, and that should be task of industrial policy.
One thing that does not make sense, and I think that the Commissioner would agree with me on this, is to speak of subsidiarity in this area.
My group, however, had great difficulty in accepting the Directive, principally because acceptance took the form of a statement by the Commission without prior notification of Parliament.
On behalf of toe European Union, the Council presidency has just made a declaration on Zaire, inviting the warring factions to negotiate an immediate ceasefire and facilitate
The Community plant variety rights system
I should like to conclude expressing the hope that, nevertheless, we will stop speaking about Maastricht in June and that a new era in European construction will begin. .
This strategy has been tried and will be tried again.
History has shown for thousands of years that man can adapt but that adaption has a price and, so far, most national governments and the Community has reacted too little.
In heland, the VAT rate for hotels was increased from 10 % to 23 % at the beginning of the 1980s, with the result that over 10 % of Ireland's hotels were forced to close within four years.
She has not committed any terrorist crimes, she only said what she thought.
The benefits of EMU are obvious.
Heroin and other opiates.Trends in supply,useand dependence appear relatively constant although there is some evidence of a new generationof young heroin smokers.Between 0.2 and 0.3% ofthe EU population are addicted to opiates,lowerthan many other illicit drugs but responsible fordisproportionate social costs in terms of criminaljustice,health,social welfare and mortality.There issome evidence that heroin is diffusing both geo-
It pledged them to support and respect toe minimum international standards on rights enshrined in international treaties.
There is the strengthened Common Foreign and Security Policy with its majority decision making and the integration of the WEU into the EU Treaty.
It is difficult to accept that in providing a full and factual answer on toe whole procedure of state aids, the Commission should be accused of providing non-answers.
This is not made clear enough in toe report.
Neither at committee meetings not declared to be urgent nor in plenarysitting may there be any departurefrom the provisions of Rute 102.
Naturally this is not a final arrangement to improve the organization of winegrowing areas and wine markets; that much is absolutely clear.
It is a step in the wrong direction, especially in the light of the fact that all new cars on European roads are both safer and more environmentally friendly than a car whose next stop is the scrap yard.
I encountered the opposite entrepreneur's view of those who do wish to expand during the European election campaign in 1994, in the form of female entrepreneurs who were not able to expand because the bank considered them to be a financial risk.
Translation volume in pages
Incidentally he was aided by the present Commissioner Padraig Flynn who was a member of the cabinet in Ireland at that time. This has, of course, put Ireland in the solid economic position which it is in today to meet the convergence criteria of EMU.
Fair enough; everyone is used to the system he or she knows from home, and sometimes we consider it better than any other.
I therefore believe that the directive as it stands would leave the door open to every possible abuse and is still geared to satisfy strictly commercial interests.
The report of the European Parliament's Legal Affairs Committee covers the necessary powers.
The Minister said that he wants a dialogue with ParUament, on which I believe him to be sincere, and I think he has put forward some very good proposals on the convergence of the social labour market and employment policy, and on employment policy indicators.
And right at the end, how many lives are we trying to save? 20,000, 30,000?
But as a political observation the point lacks any utility.
In the presentation of Agenda 2000 - defining the political guidelines for the beginning of the 21st century - the Commission stated yesterday its commitment to integrate the environment into its global strategy.
The President shall declare votes open and closed.
Austria
Debates of the European Parliament
Approval of the Minutes
After all, this directive - which, I would remind you, considers proce dural regulations only, not only refrains from prejudging the problems specific to any individual sector, and espe cially in the cultural sphere, but will also be able to make a valuable contribution to thoughts on the future action necessary in that sphere.
Its sole objective is to increase the unfair aspects of the CAP and to channel further financial resources into production which is already swallowing up 45 % of all aid which is losing more jobs and leading to more desertification in the Community.
For that reason, the labelling clause should not be in the Directive on the common catalogue of varieties but in the Directive on the marketing of seed.
The proposal includes certain amendments tabled by our Group, which we note with satisfaction because they match our intention to help to improve a proposal which already deserved out support even before the amendments were tabled.
If toe rapporteur is here, are we to understand that he is not going to be here for toe voting session?
I also believe it is fundamental not only to sustain our training policy but also to include in the financing of this chapter the objectives listed in the White Paper on education and training.
Debates of the European Parliament
This in its way is an even more wideranging practice and in my opinion it will be good for the Council to be aware of this.
There have been comments to the effect that, judging from Mr Santer's initiative and the substance of his letter, the Commission President's position contradicts that of his fellow-Commissioners and the case-law of the Court of Justice.
Rosado Fernandes (UPE). - (PT) Mr President, Com missioner, there is a certain historical reality in each European country which must be defended.
To combat terrorism, of whatever kind, effectively we must - and here I agree with the rapporteur, Mrs Reding - smash the vicious circle that has been created by preventing the proliferation of those subcultures that feed it; we must depoliticize - if you will excuse the word - the terrorist act, reducing it to the mere status of a common crime; we must use technical resources for combating terrorism, such as infiltration and
I am doubly pleased because I think that when it comes to another section of this report, namely the need to improve investigation and prosecution, this is an area for the IGC.
In general terms fraud may be characterised as: "deliberately and purposely providing wrong or incomplete information or not providing information to Taxation Authorities, in order to pay no taxes or less taxes than would have to be paid if the relevant regulations were obeyed."
Ferber agreement, people say: the standards are poor, we cannot take them over.
Debates of the European Parliament
Finally, Madam President, I should like to emit a cry of distress.
New European legislation making it possible to certify clearly and uniformly throughout the territory of the European Union products of animal origin obtained in accordance with the criteria of organic production is an important step in this direction.
11.03.1959 Environmental consultant Germany GRÜNE MEP: 19.07.1994 V
Schmidbauer (PPE). - (DE) First of all I should like to congratulate Mr Perry on his excellent report.
Thus physical checks will grow in importance rather than diminish.
And the Dutch Presidency, despite being fully aware of Parliament's recommendations on the subject, has itself done nothing to promote the inclusion of tourism, which makes an important contribution to the economies of the 15 Member States and provides employment for 10 million people, and has sat on its hands.
I expect an answer from you, Mr President-inOffice.
If you were, then there are only two possibilities: either you misunderstood me or you weren't listening.
I am proposing a simplifica­tion of the present legislation.
This crisis, one among many, one too many, will, we hope, be the long-awaited spark that will fire the creation of a social Europe.
For this, we need larger budgets, as everyone will agree, but also priorities in our actions, a proposal with which I also agree.
The report is right to state, in paragraph 14.4.1.8., that 'if there is one area where a European approach is required, it is this'.
Negotiation is starting now because now we have documents for discussion.
Economic and security cooperation in the Baltic must stress the varied nature of security in the area.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
Labour mobility, aided and abetted by fundamental education and training programmes remains unrealized.
Modern criminal organizations are now organizing their activities on a global scale.
With regard to the amendments to the Lindholm report adopted by the European Parliament, those amendments refened to, among other things, recognition in the staff regulations of the situation of unmanied couples, whether homosexual or heterosexual, whereas at present the provisions of the regulations govern only the family status founded on marriage.
More than 95 % of all Europe's biotechnology firms are SMEs, the very sector where Europe's potential for innovation and job-creation lies.
Should not consideration again be given to the previous system of using waybills which accompanied a product, both live animals and carcasses, from its origin to its destination, since such waybills - as they are called in our country - were fully sanctioned by the competent veterinary inspector?
IRELAND
I am convinced that, sooner or later, reason and consensus will prevail and that this clause will be used.
Theonas (GUE/NGL), in writing. - (EL) The application of technological innovations, especially those that are certain to create deep rifts in the structure of society, can be justified on no criterion other than man himself, and his needs.
Member of the French Community Council; leader of the PRL Group (from 1989).
Court of Auditors
0 Former Member of the Austrian Parliament.
This is a concept which I have never heard mentioned in international law and I would like to know what it consists of, especially in view of the fact that until not long ago the European Union had been holding talks with the Cuban Government in order to reach an agreement on trade and cooperation since, as I should like to remind you, Cuba is the only country with which we do not have such an agreement. We think this is unfair.
No, far from it!
Therefore, if she says it is not satisfactory, I must ask her whether she does not fear that there will be no common position by December 1997, which could affect the protection of species in the first place; if we are going to manage to arrive at a joint position by December 1997 what changes will have to be made?
Replacement costs can be paid for EU academic staff carrying out teaching assignments at the partner country university for a minimum continuous period of four weeks.
No part of this Community has a traceable system like the system in Northern Ireland.
It is certainly praise worthy to speak of the role that trade can play in social cohesion, mainly the retail outlets found in overly built-up town centres or in the under-populated countryside, but the difficulty is in finding the balance between this social role and a necessary concentration as an instrument in the face of world competition.
0 Member of the team of observers at the free elections in South Africa (April 1994) and Haiti (December 1995).
The European Parliament is your voice in Europe; make your voice heard by casting your vote.
Amendments 25 and 29 are a problem for us, because 30 days is too long a period for notifying data to a database.
With that in mind, specific attention is being paid to vulnerable groups and to local development with a view to recreating the social fabric.
We shall be discussing these amendments and taking decisions on them, and we expect the Commission to go along with Parliament.
And it seems that it has done what it had to do.
Actions may be brought before the Court of Justice of the Euro pean Communities against decisions of the board.
This also means, however, that Azerbaijan's interest in an attractive pro posal for self-government for Nagorno-Karabakh, on the basis of internationally recognized principles, must be brought to the negotiating table without delay, and the negotiations thereby taken forward.
. ofcensure............ censure............
So why all this endeavour?
Look at the Rules of Procedure, where it says may, but without obligation.
In any case, I believe we would benefit from greater harmonization of the rules of international private law rather than substantive law.
• for the fight against fraud
I hope that the Culture Committee will take its place in the interinstitutional working group on languages, chaired by one of our Vice-Presidents.
Debates of the European Parliament
Varela Suanzes-Carpegna class competitive fishing sector, which needs to be supported against third fishing powers seeking access to the same fishing grounds, and not always applying such strict technical conservation measures as the European Union.
I cast this vote despite toe esteem in which I hold toe Members of the Commission and its President, and a number of senior officials of the Commission.
He keeps telling about the thoughtlessness of some air traffic controllers, saying that when planes fly over certain countries, especially Italy and France, the control lers give instructions in their mother-tongue.
Baldarelli (PSE). - (IT) Mr President, Commissioner, I too have appreciated the points that you, Mrs Bonino, have put to the House.
I abstained on it because I do not feel that it makes sense for Parliament already at this stage to issue a binding instruction to its working party whose task is to consider Members' travelling expenses and other similiar allowances.
Will the Council give priority to job protection in the new regulation on the COM in raw tobacco?
I believe that quality educational software and teaching materials urgently need to be developed.
They cover, in particular, the rights of the Kazakhs and the rights of minorities, which are very numerous and quite weU recognized and respected in Kazakhstan: there is a Russian minority (accounting for 38 % of the population) but there are also German, Ukrainian, Uzbek, Tartar, Uighur, Byelorussian, Korean, Azeri and even Polish minorities, too.
We must fight against competitive defiscalization - President Santer was talking about this earlier this afternoon in relation to employment - and unfair competition without increasing the tax burden.
The question is whether the American property expropriated in Cuba 36 years ago was illegally expropriated.
Is it not time to question also those smaU groups who are not represented in Parliament because they are excluded?
It is essential, from the Commission's view point, to find a political agreement on this reform before the end of the century.
As can be seen, the intermodal aspects are important. The accurate calculation of external costs should also help in encouraging a change in the modal split.
The principle of budgetary clarity is a basic principle of parliamentary and democratic responsibility.
Debates of the European Parliament
This system certainly does not guarantee transparency of origin but just serves the interests of an industry that does not want to change.
Debates of the European Parliament
The partners involved in Tempus projects are expected to invest part of their own staff resources in carrying out tasks.
word. In the light of this verification procedure, the original language text is therefore treated by the Committee as the authentic version of evidence.
Debates of the European Parliament
Mr President, I now want to mention a number of factors which I consider important:
But perhaps other members of the Committee on Culture who had agreed with the decision were less happy with it, so I am now urging this House to revert to the original decision.
Virrankoski (ELDR). - (FI) Mr President, Mr David Hallam's report on the function of the agrimonetary system for the years 1995-1996 describes the scheme admirably.
I would still like to say that a great debate on social protection took place this quarter; I will perhaps have the chance to come back to it later.
As other members have said, action must certainly be taken to reduce the surplus further, focusing on quality and market outlets.
■ Miscellaneous «β»
I refer both to the 72 amendments which were examined in committee and to the 17 to be examined here today in this part-session.
The pay gap must be closed once and for all and vanish from the various labour markets.
When does the Commission intend to table its initial proposals listing the regions (or parts of regions) which it considers should continue to quahfy for Objective 1 status, thereby qualifying for maximum Structural Fund grant aid levels, after 1999?
We need a code of conduct - Mrs Lenz described it - that goes further than sçlf-regulation within the advertising profession.
We need a socially responsible Europe and not a Europe founded on capital alone because capital alone undermines positive integration - and I mean capital alone, please do not misunderstand me.
First, I note that the results of the cohesion policies in terms of regional development are positive overall.
This emerges clearly from our recommendation to the Council.
Votes
Roth (V). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we were talking earlier today about Agenda 2000 - about the future of Europe.
In recent times there have been more and more signals from inside the three main European Union institutions of desires to bring culture into the centre of the European project.
Of course, as we have said many times, voluntary work cannot be a replacement or a substitute. It is complementary, and for that reason - and, Mr President, this is our very firm view - the Commission's proposal establishes an important beginning in that it presents the way in which this complementary endeavour is to be framed.
Debates of the European Parliament
Contrary to the perceptions of many Members, the Rothley report certainly does provide for the patentability of human genes and of flora and fauna.
As from 1 April 1996 a 100% guarantee is required for the transport of certain "sensitive" (i.e. high-duty) goods under the transit system.
In an attempt to overcome that problem of the role for workers in this context, the Commission issued a communication in 1995 on information for and consultation of workers and at the same time set up a highlevel Group of Experts under the chairmanship of Mr Davignon to put forward possible solutions.
Paragraph 12 refers to toe minimum recourse to external consultants.
* the SHAPE project of NIA TNO commissioned by DG-V could be used for this purpose k» there appears to be very little information available on the above costs/benefits.
The Union is in full evolution and is preparing for its future, including that of the CFSP.
I do not have time to go into this fully, but let me just give an outline.
Thus we can see the Russian mafia committing organized social security fraud in Los Angeles, not just in Moscow.
It follows that the main interest will be large cities, where they can operate more profitably.
The graph shows accumulated cases over the 1986 to 1996 period in each Member State:
Former Minister for the German-speaking Community.
Instead, when it comes to the facts, I have a feeUng that reverse gear may akeady have been engaged.
Debates of the European Parliament
By means of this provision toe Commission sought to give independent garages the widest possible access to the technical information necessary for repairing motor vehicles, while taking into account the rights attached to industrial property.
Author of 'Cap sur l'horizon' and 'La pêche en Guyane'.
But heavy threats weigh against the continuation of this policy.
An increase in the use of biomass, as we hope for, will certainly lead to a greater demand for wood.
At one point collapse seemed an imminent and real possibility.
The Commission has not responded to my request for facts and figures about the social impact of its proposals on employment, but it should be aware that we will be quantifying all the aspects of this reform which might have a retrogressive effect.
ANALYSIS (ΠΙ) - TRANSIT FRAUD AND RELATED ACTIVITIES 5.1.
0 Former Director-General for Community Development. 0 Various publications including works on taxation and finances: 'El IVA' (1985), 'El IVA: reglamento y contabilización' (1986), La financiación de las comunidades autónomas' (1982).
My group, the PPE, supports Mr Martin's report.
Harm reduction measures have played an importantrole in combating the spread of HIV.A range of strategies — from maintenance prescription of substitutessuch as methadone,syringe and needle exchangeschemes,easily accessed (‘low threshold’) services,and education and information campaigns — havecombined to make a positive impact in a number of EU countries.However,there is no evidence of an im-
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
The Commission had favoured the insertion of a text in the final declaration of the Conference, in which the special concerns of the island regions would be noted.
♦ equal opportunities for disabled persons.
The principle of subsidiarity should restrict the opportunities for the EU to take new areas upon itself as is otherwise often urged in various green and white papers.
Answer
It is on that score that the shape of a final solution is still vague, even though a good outcome is vital.
What we say should be true, but we do not always have to say everything that is true.
In my opinion, the rules should not make being a farmer almost a pipe dream - no, they should make it possible for many farmers to earn their, living from organic methods.
In addition, as a result of this negotiation we were given the prospect and the possibility of obtaining a waiver from the operation of the other objectionable legislation, namely the D'Amato legislation.
It would be wrong not to recognise this.
There is one thing we must not forget, namely that Serbia was the initial aggressor.
At this stage, then, our work is geared to a quest for consensus, the objective being of course to enable us, when we make public the decision on the list of countries joining the euro in late April or early May 1998, at the same time to give specific answers to consumers on the specific questions 'they ask.
European Council of 23 May 1997
It is vital to earmark an individualized, specific budget.
The question is, what good did that do to the Albanian people, and of course to us.
The members in question shall give a solemnundertaking not to allow any other person access to secret or confidentialinformation, in accordance with this Rule, and to use such information exclusivelyfor the purposes of drawing up their report for the temporary committee of inquiry.Meetings shall be held on premises equipped in such a way as to make itimpossible for any non-authorized persons to listento the proceedings.
We are also worried by the more general implications of the Multilateral Investment Agreement.
The ordinary consumer -1 am not talking about the specialist - has to spend large and sometimes unnecessary sums on equipment.
Perhaps this is what some governments would like, but not the majority in this House nor the majority of citizens.
Guidelines in the search for solutions can be obtained by identifying the causes which encourage violence: social isolation; lack of support, awareness and parenting skills; and, above all, bad childhood experiences.
We saw that in the essentially neutral stance taken by the European Union during the crisis over the Imia islands in 1996, even though one of its member countries was involved.
In this way, the possibility is also created that criminals who are in power in various places may be cast out of their seats.
The declaration must now be followed up by real action as set out in specific instruments, realistic targets and effec tive timetables. The European Union must aim for greater coordination of employment policies and a growthorientated macroeconomic policy.
Wohlfart - (FR) I do not think that was really a question.
Brittan, Sir Leon, Vice-President of the Commission. -The answer to the question is very simple.
The European Parliament has 626 members, elected by direct universal suffrage, who represent the 370 million citizens of the 15 Member States of the European Union.
Secondly, what is the opposition's position regarding their willingness to refrain from using force when the constitutional changes that have been announced come into force?
Lalumière (ARE). - (FR) Ladies and gentlemen, the Renault crisis is so serious that it is easy to understand these demonstrations of emotion and a certain amount of excitement.
I think that the fact that we are prepared to declare the protection and the preservation of our cultural heritage as priority number one can also be a political instrument for further European integration.
It must pay close attention to the prices being asked for licences, the Member States' compliance with deadlines and the conditions attached to the licences.
It is exclusively financed by the company's own commercial revenues and various aid measures granted by Greece.
We shall perhaps be discussing this again in a year's time, but I do believe that this is certainly possible.
So the amendments seeking to upgrade the funding for these measures by ECU 70-100 million are essential to
The agreement to abolish the tariffs on trade in information technology products in the year 2000 is an important step.
Let us begin by making one point clear: over the course of history, migration has always been a source of benefits, a catalyst for change, and today we are moving more and more towards a desirable melting pot of different cultures.
I also think it is wrong to vary the capital requirement in such a way that different levels apply depending on how much the vehicle weighs.
Debates of the European Parliament
The United Kingdom, in accordance with the above-mentioned Decision, has forwarded to the Commission and the other Member States the list of establishments meeting these conditions, and each consignment of products sent to other Member States is accompanied by an official health certificate.
The Commission's proposal amending this directive is aimed, first and foremost, at increasing the number of exemptions.
The argument being that the systems can be used to pinpoint mines.
Nassauer article 4.6. paragraph 2, although I fully concur with her on the need for such consultation.
With regard to Chad, toe Commission considers that toe transition to a pluralistic regime has brought a significant improvement in respect for political rights in that country.
Randzio-Plath (PSE), rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, European Monetary Union is constantly being hampered by talk of postponement which, in turn, inevitably leave citizens feeling uncertain.
For my group, how banana producers in the European Union itself will be affected is important.
I have always favoured a properly negotiated enlargement of the Union to the East.
In that we are doing away with the sensation among our fellow citizens of the so-often criticised centralisation of Community institutions and succeeding in establishing appropriate channels so that they can be given appropriate and necessary information - showing them that their problems directly affect the various Union institutions, we shall reach the situation in which we strike the necessary and fair balance in applying the principle of subsidiarity.
Member of Colmar Municipal Council.
With this new Treaty the Twelve committed themselves to creating, by 31 December 1992 at the latest, a unified market with free movement of persons, capital, goods and services.
Subject: Special Support Programme for Peace and Reconciliation in Northern Ireland and the border countries of Ireland 1995-1999
The fact that other institutions may be at fault cannot exonerate it completely.
However, these discussions are as you know very slow, partly due to the unmanageable decisionmaking process of the Maastricht Treaty for the Third PUlar.
Through tax concessions, as Mr van der Waal said, but on the other hand we must also realize that our schools of maritime navigation have to stay open, for foreigners too.
I am sorry, and we are sorry, as all we did was denounce toe atrocities whose victims are the Algerian people, this people who rejects violence and wishes to Uve freely and in dignity, this people who, more than any other, aspires to peace, freedom and democracy.
For all these reasons, we are fulfilüng our difficult duty of tabUng a motion of censure.
It therefore involves all the parliamentary commit tees.
But now finally, because of Amsterdam, we have this process which allows the strategy to have real teeth.
We have to· get used to Cork - as Mr Fantuzzi said — which is a kind of Vatican II.
Talking about health, this report again echoes the unending liberal chorus: let's privatize social security.
What we do have a problem with are the two resolutions on the IGC and the other items on the agenda for the Amsterdam summit.
Andersson, Lööw and Waidelich, in writing. - (SV) Under items 31 and 32 of the report, France's border controls against Belgium and Luxembourg and the use of these to put pressure on the Netherlands to adopt a more restrictive drugs policy is being criticised.
Of these, 842 were new complaints received in 1996; most of them were sent by private citizens, only 86 were from companies and associations; 29 complaints were transmitted by Members of the European Parliament; three owninitiatives were launched during the year.
But it is obvious that it breaches the Geneva Convention and the UN refugee commissary has confirmed this.
However, the introduction to the conclusions of the Presidency states: 'the European Council meeting in Amsterdam on 16 and 17 June 1997 successfully concluded the IGC with full agreement on a draft Treaty. This opens the way for the launching of the enlargement process in accordance with the conclusions of the Madrid European Council.'
I will start first of all, Mr President, by taking stock with you of the activities of the Commission during this last year.
D Yes D No (ii) be completed in time?
(Article 7, Treaty on European Union)
Green (PSE). - Mr President, can I remind you that in December a Member of this House was seen to have -and indeed admitted to this House that he had - voted twice in one of the votes, using the card of another Member of this House.
As we know, the field of biotechnology is a difficult one as it has an ethical, moral and religious dimension.
Izquierdo Rojo (PSE), draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Institutional Affairs. - (ES) Mr President, this policy of action to incorporate equality is very important, and Mrs Kokkola has done an excellent piece of parliamentary work.
My group believes that no orte can afford the luxury of a wait-and-see policy, which involves the risk of last-minute bargaining, with uncertain and unpredictable results and, a fortiori, a threat not only to enlargement, which would be bad enough, but also to the future of the Union in general.
He equally considers that the monitoring of carbon sinks, that is, the role the forest plays, is not justified. This type of monitoring is not reliable.
Our position, and we will recommend this to our colleagues, wiU depend on the reply the Commissioner refuses to give us.
So we were all the more surprised, Commissioner, at what the Commission then proposed!
The large number of petitions nevertheless shows that there is still much scope for action and improvement.
(B4­0772/97) by Mrs Myller, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the ecological problem in the Baltic Sea;
The possible introduction of closing dates for filing applications for Community plant variety rights was discussed.
One of our problems in this Parliament is that not many people will take notice of you, especially on that side of the House.
The priority subject areas are listed in annex to this Guide for Applicants.
We shall there­fore be voting for the Watts report, with the exception of the amendment on tunnels.
The European Parliament also appoints an ombudsman responsible for investigating disputes which may arise between citizens and the administrative authorities of the European Union's institutions.
I would therefore ask that we should decide at 9 a.m. tomorrow whether to postpone the debate on farm prices until 9 p.m. tomorrow evening.
We can make substantial savings in follow up work.
That being the case, I should particularly emphasize the fact that the Council, like the Member States, respects the United Nations Convention on the abolition of all forms of discrimination against women, of which sexual exploitation and prostitution are the sad consequences.
On the other hand the Commission has just published its first list containing over 600 pan-European nonprofit making organizations with which it is associated.
Etti de Silguy, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the comments made today by the rapporteur, Mr Willockx, make the specific point of reminding us of the finality of economic and monetary union, and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, and all those who have spoken in this House this morning.
0 Numerous scientific publications in the field of medical tracer methodology.
All well and good.
The death penalty follows an old fashioned principle: an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. But we do not punish a rapist with rape!
That just shows how much all of this is improvised.
Bernan Associates
That must be repudiated in a categorical and secure way.
Each is represented in the Conference of Presidents by its chairman, who also has the task of explaining the group's position on issues under discussion at plenary sessions.
The Commission intends also to suggest, to Member States a similar involvement for non-governmental organisations during the next ORNIS Committee meeting.
Since when have communists not wanted to give others lessons?
The question I would like to put to Sir Leon is whether the time has not come to look for a broader, more strategic objective in our relationship.
Question No 77 by Ludivina Garcia Arias (H-0356/97) Subject: Use of standards for the transmission of television channels
Debates of the European Parliament
That is of course an urgent task for the European Parliament, which could clear the way by doing away with many provisions that subsequently become a burden for undertakings.
Delegation for relations with Australia and New Zealand Chair: James Nicholson (l-EDN, UK) ι Delegation for relations with the countries of South America and Mercosur Chair: Ana Miranda de Lage (PES, E)
Now we shall have something to work on with the Commission at Community level.
President - Mr Metten, your comments are not related to the Minutes but to the interpretation of what was said or maintained yesterday.
If consumers cannot identify with a product because the way in which it is marketed does not take account of their specific cultural background, the product is bound to fail on that market.
This is a question of general responsibility.
There are four possible legislative procedures by which the European Parliament may exercise its legislative power, depen­ding on the nature of the proposal concerned.'
First, we believe that reports about individual Member States should not be made by MEPs from the Member State concerned.
We also want correct accounting, that is, we want no funding which is not subject to controls, or which flows into channels wriere it cannot be scrutinized, and which simply give environmental organizations a bad image.
Clearly we have to start on political dialogue; clearly we have to develop interparliamentary dialogue.
0 Vicechairman of the Young Democrat Union.
Indeed, this is non-problematical in many areas of cultural life in these countries.
What is the European
• February 1997: Meeting with NAKG in Brussels.
can your petition deal with?
That brings me to the more specific questions.
B4-0194/97 by Mr Papakyriazis and others, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the extradition and trial of A. Brunner;
Redondo Jiménez (PPE).- (ES) Commissioner, how is it that abusive action by a Director General of the Commission can paralyse the LEADER II programme, just be cause of problems raised by LEADER I?
The final part, and the most complex, considers the elimination of all existing antipersonnel mines.
Of course toe Commission wiU co­operate on this informal committee, meaning that we shall play a part there together with toe presidency.
That is my first point of order.
We must not forget that the Mediterranean is an area in which different cultures and different religions meet.
Community Transit System (continuation)
A charter was drawn up in which retailers at the centre, undertook to give priority for jobs to people living in districts close to the shopping centre "provided they have the appropriate skills and abilities".
Debates of the European Parliament
The date of July 1997 does not refer to any regulatory deadline.
it mentions civil penalties.
Furthermore, let us favour active employment policies.
As regards the extent to. which the elements of the Presidency's compromise differ from the position expressed by Parliament in its opinion, it is not my task here to make a comparative exegesis of the two texts.
Firstly, you are right, Mr President, to place our actions within the framework of a much larger perspective.
The fifth framework pro gramme is already in preparation, and the Commission expects to submit its formal proposal next month.
The development, from 1966 onwards, of a policy for the application of Community quality standards has been designed to remove from the market products of unsatisfactory quality, to guide production in such a way as to satisfy consumer requirements and to facilitate trade relations based on fair competition, so helping to improve the profitability and transparency of the market.
If you only dialogue with the good, you will always be good, but you will not accomplish any thing.
The Commission's position in this respect is firm, and our actions in the sector always strive towards the same objectives, in other words to ensure first the spread of peaceful uses for nuclear energy, and secondly substantial and great stringency in relation to restrictions and conditions for nuclear safety.
The heads of state and government admitted this, pointing out that there will be another intergovernmental conference before the accession of the sixteenth Member State.
Herman (PPE), rapporteur. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and genüemen, the task that I have to perform is indeed a very pleasant one, namely to report to the House on the highly favourable progress in a procedure that has been relatively closely monitored by all the partners.
Subject: Community information policy and local authorities
Patijn successful, with a treaty being concluded at the end of the year?
In a number of Member States, the shipbuilding industry receives government aid, whilst in other it does not, and this situation distorts competition.
In conclusion, Mr President, the Commission fully shares the rapporteur's view that the future of the European Union, including economic and monetary union and the success of the enlargement depends above all on some good results at the Intergovernmental Conference.
Such a figure exists in all regimes and frequently has to provide customs with a guarantee to back up the financial liability involved.
That reply focuses on the essential thing: the total appropriation for the financial supplement and its allocation.
It is generally agreed that the cohort slaughter scheme laid down in the eradication programme is the best means of further reducing the epidemic.
Any modification to Annex III and Article 19 of the Decision would of course be made under the codecision procedure and in line with the understanding reached in the context of the conciliation procedure on the indicative and political character of Annex III.
The Commission considers that the anest of war criminals in former Yugoslavia is an essential element of the conditionality attached to the development of relations between the European Community and the signatory parties to the Dayton Peace Agreement.
This is in no sense designed to stop that.
It is nice to see someone like him involved in dealing with the social area so that real progress can be made in this Parliament.
It would be interesting to deliver a certificate that could become a sort of European label certifying the trainee's knowledge, including linguistic skills.
I think that this, whether or not included in the environmental management plan, would be a major step forward.
If toat sort of loss and waste occurs, the scheme should be withdrawn completely.
Besides, more generally the pro posal does not provide new policies.
Lindqvist (ELDR), Eriksson, Seppänen, Sjöstedt and Svensson (GUE/NGL), Gahrton, Holm and Lindholm (V), Lis Jensen (I-EDN), in writing. - (SV) The Scandinavian view is that establishing an Ombudsman to serve the public interest is a good idea.
Novo (GUE/NGL), in writing. - (PT) The recent arbitrary decision by the World Trade Organization on the banana market has revealed a growing and perceptible tendency for this Organization to bend to the interests and wishes of the American economy.
SWU - Background
Education and training, combined with strong investment in research and development (R & D), are therefore crucial to Finland’s continued prosperity.
Action must follow this and not accusations about differ ences, because I actually think intensification of relations and development of economic cooperation will contribute to shifting opinion even amongst the Chinese leadership and lead to political changes which are already partly in progress.
This issue is covered by activities of several Commission services, but the priority is felt to lie in the area of research, in order to elicit the mechanism of action, develop test methods which can be used for regulatory purposes and to confirm the link between certain chemicals and the actual observed effect.
• establish contact with external organizations operating in the same area of activity as the Translation Centre, such as companies involved in machine translation and other linguistic technologies, publishing houses specializing in the translation field, universities and other establishments involved in the training of translators and linguists;
It is not certain that this procedure increases subsidiarity.
This will be reprocessed, creating 160 times the amount of radioactive waste it started with.
The following is a brief account of the principal points arising during a workshop held by the European Conference of Ministers of Transport (ECMT) on 4 December 1996 on the subject of "Crime in Transport"1.
Participation in on-going Tempus Networking Projects for those partner countries not eligible for Tempus support in a given academic year
The question of the legal basis to be used has also been a problem.
We have talked about telecommunications and universal services from many aspects today in various reports.
HAVE BY COMMON ACCORDADOPTED THIS DECISION:
We must remember how mad cow disease came about.
Lastly, I would also remind the House that the European Council in Madrid requested the Commission to carry out a thorough analysis as soon as possible of the European Union's system of financing, with a view to presenting -immediately after the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference - a communication on the future financial framework of the European Union after 31 December 1999, taking account of the prospect of enlargement.
I note also from the shipping situation which we have experienced in Finnish waters in the Baltic Sea that there are seamen who know less and less about their craft these days.
However, normally the route is fixed in advance and the customs posts of destination are specified and their names mentioned in the transit documents.
At this very moment a Community citizen, Mr Feneiro, is in prison in the United States for running a business supplying food and other basic necessities to Cuba.
Let us not be stingy over an action that mobilizes young people and gives them a strong feeling of European citizenship.
In its resolution of November 1996 on trade and the environment, Parliament took up this demand.
She was wrong. Mr Soulier is wrong.
Does the Danish Freight Forwarders Association have any suggestions for improvement of the transit procedure?
In Italy, some regions that are fifty years old choose not to come of age, whilst others, of the same age, have obviously entered adulthood but are deprived of any independent, democratic, free initiative.
Yet we have to take note of it.
Firstly - this is the Commission's opinion - it must be acknowledged that there was no real progress at the Ministerial Conference of toe World Trade Organization last December on subjects relating to commercial exchanges, trade and the environment.
Those who lived in them were of the 'wrong kind'.
They relate to energy, transport and the environment.
Many more matters are already resolved at European level than most people in Europe realize. The process of integration is overwhelmingly driven by an elite of politicians, including those represented in the Council of Ministers.
The listing of events is a difficult job.
HOW TO CONTACT THE EUROPEAN OMBUDSMAN ?
This report is also a contradictory report.
The aim is to create pedestrian ways between the buildings which can be safely used by disabled people.
In social terms, it is a matter of urgency and a vital necessity to introduce a broad-based family policy in the nations of Europe.
I shall have something to say on that in a moment.
It could be argued, however, that no - or only some - Member States possess legislation in this field, and that it is impossible to harmonize something that does not yet exist.
Notice to Members
Each is represented in the Conference of Presidents by its chairman, who also has the task of explaining the group's position on issues under discussion at plenary sessions.
In recent years, air transport has taken on considerable, unprecedented importance in the countries of the Euro pean Union, as a result mainly of the following factors:
The point is that the free market must not be understood as meaning an economic system in which there are no rules at all.
We have taken a considerable time to respond today, and we cannot maintain dialogue with the citizens of Europe and protect this right for them unless the response procedure is changed to make it faster and easier.
Member of the Austrian Parliament (since 07.11.1994).
We must now complete the work so that decisions can be taken next year in serenity and in the interests of the economic future of the whole of our Union.
♦ limited purchase of communication equipment essential for the implementation of the project activities.
As the Council recognizes in the preamble, an agreement about extradition can only be applied between states that have committed themselves to the principles of democratic constitutional states and the European Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Basic Freedoms.
In other words, it is setting the limits on patentability solely on the distinction between invention and discovery, thereby cleverly stifling all philosophical and political debate on the future of mankind.
The Commission is very well aware of the consequences of the findings of the panel on ACP banana exporting countries and will ensure that such issues are fully addressed by the Appellate Body.
0 Member of the West German Radio (WDR) Broadcasting Council.
The current healthy state of the Irish economy, including a labour market which has increased by 10 % over the last 5 years, has meant that our dependency ratio is actually improving.
Gahrton, Holm and Schörling (V), in writing. - (SV) The result of the vote on the Gene Patent Directive is a
The European Parliament will then have to adopt a definite position.
Question No 110 by Brian Crowley (H-0585/97) Subject: New EU actions for the elderly and the socially excluded
In doing what you did, Mr President, you did no service to this House.
van den Broek. - (NL) If the honourable Member is asking us to give an ultimatum threatening to abolish the customs union, we have to ask whether this would represent any kind of real pressure, given that the Euro pean Union currently enjoys an enormous trade surplus with Turkey precisely because of the customs union.
Ultimately, Mr President of the Commission, it is because we wish to have strong European institutions that we also wish those institutions to be politically responsible.
There were, moreover, too many ÜTegularities in the run-up to the elections.
The Green Paper says nothing specific as regards either the term 'trainee' or what the suggested trainee stams would entail.
• Sea transport.
90/220/EEC shall be introduced on a proposal from the Commission in a Council Regulation based on the appropriate provisions of the Treaty.'
The water will really have to come out of the ground, and not be a sort of mineral Coca-Cola.
The support project for Normern Ireland for peace and reconciliation is a model of grass-roots activism and could be a model for this particular proposal here in listening closely to the grass roots and giving them support.
It is not possible for me, as a Commissioner, to give any guarantees on what the final outcomes of the Intergovernmental Conference will be. The information I can give is
The Commission is persuaded that the adoption of the regulation does constitute substantial recognition of the sector and will contribute to positive developments in it.
What is the current state of play with regard to the infringement procedure being carried out against the UK Government in relation to Pilmuir Quarry?
On the other hand, the Danish Social Democrats oppose the idea that the author ity should function as an appeal body for cross-frontier tendering procedures and that it should be given powers to issue harmonized codes.
I am sorry you missed the first part of it and also that the rapporteur is not here to hear the continuation.
It was wonderful to get that article into the Treaties but
As well as this undemocratic procedure, powers for the "vCourt of Justice are also missing, as Mrs Palacio VaUeler-sundi has already mentioned.
I concede that the Spanish affair is livelier, but our problem is also a difficult one.
I have to say to you that we have very considerable of information on all aspects of the social dialogue, which is gathered and updated for us by the Industrial Relations Observatory, which is located in Dublin.
Junker ated within the large heterogeneous group made up of the 70 ACP countries.
It is also the objective of the different informal Councils which, as you know Mr Lindqvist, often move things on substantiaUy.
I believe that problems of this kind should always be viewed from the standpoint of the common good - the defence of local communities and of the public interest.
That is why I also called upon the Commission in my report - and I hope that Honourable Members will be able to support me here - to define those new instruments more precisely than is the case in the present communication.
The question, however, is whether this
Member States (1) - The Council
The legislation establishing and governing the Office does not provide a formal role for the European Parliament in the way that the equivalent legislation of many other satellite agencies does.
It is my hope that the Commission, perhaps through some of its research programmes, can make funding available to make this objective a reality.
Oomen-Ruijten (PPE). - (NL) Mr President, I think we are happy to agree to the suggestion of the chairman of the Rules of Procedure Committee and so withdraw our request, but we should agree to refer the report back before the vote to take another look at its implications.
Where Parliament is requested to give its assent to an internationaagreementl or a legislative proposal, it shall consider the matter on the basis of a recommendation from the committee responsible to adopt or reject the document onwhich Parliament has been consulted.
The only remaining weapon will be budget ary policy, which it should be possible to use, especially in countries with low rates of public indebtedness, to fund investment which would generate employment.
Debates of the European Parliament
The normal legislative procedure is codecision (see glossary).
Contents (continued)
More specifically, the question focused on the inclusion of social and other aspects such as improved product quality and increased competitiveness.
And in any case, we need to wait for the Amsterdam Treaty to be adopted by the various Member States.
Mrs van Dijk can be sure that I wUl take careful note of what she wants - I think I feel very close to the positions she herself maintains - and I hope I wUl be able to give her an
At the same time, we wish to give a sign of encouragement to the democracy movement in Myanmar. Its peaceful resistance to the junta which has seized power is exemplary.
Moreover, at a time when people are quite rightly accusing the European Union of being insufficiently democratic, this procedure shows a flagrant disregard for the citizens of the European Union as a whole.
We hope the presidency will take steps to introduce the statute this year.
European external trade is faced with a crucial choice: to abandon the arms industry, or to pursue new opportunities.
At the same time, I must say that a code of conduct governing relations between Parliament and the Commission had been signed, implying that this would be automatic and there were good and bad points.
We are fully aware of the paradoxes and difficulties that may come from the intervention of ECOMOG and of the important role being played by Nigeria, as Mr Hory mentioned.
We must make better use of the European Union's instruments, such as the Committee on Employment and the labour market or the multiannual programmes in order to improve coordination of economic and employment policies, so that we can also make it easier for both sides of industry to discuss matters at European level.
In this case I believe we must respect the consumers' wishes as much as possible.
In particular, I would call attention to those amendments whose recitals refer to the fact that traditional farming has had a major adverse impact on the environment and also on consumer health, and the fact that it is necessary today - an extremely important amendment, this one - to accept that the Common Agricultural Policy will gradually have to be realigned towards more ecological production of plant and animal products.
D No Explain:
0 Chairman of the Aachen district SPD; member of the SPD Party Council.
By and large, the organisations behind these companies are based in nonEU countries offering favourable tax regimes and secretive banking laws.
We must not shirk this, just because we are talking about the largest country on Earth.
• referred by the Committee on Petitions to other committees of the European Parliament, foiinformation, for further action, or for an opinion.
CHAPTERVIII
None of the cases held admissible in 1995 had reached this stage by the end of the year, but some friendly settlements had been agreed at time of finalising this report (31 March 1996).
I would point out that, in the meantime, the parties that formed the governing coalition have met in Rome and reached positive agreements: those who have won must not claim to have won by a landslide and those who have lost must accept the democratic result.
Debates of the European Parliament
Policies, ladies and gentlemen, are made by people, and only if people know and understand each other, implement joint projects and share responsibility for them can sound European policies materialize.
The input of Parliament with regard to the report or guidelines on the internal market for the postal services is thus important to correct the matter.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
For financial services the difference between transactions concluded at a distance and­those not concluded at a distance is less relevant than when one buys a simple consumer good such as a book or a sweater.
As requested by the ACP-EU Assembly, will the European Commission effectively support community-based natural resource management programmes such as Zimbabwe's CAMPHRE, both financially and institutionally?
Costa Neves (ELDR). - (PT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I must begin by congratulating Mr Fernández Martín not only on his report but also on the methodology which he has used in drafting it, which brought him into contact with many regions, many people and which, therefore, translates the very feeling of many European citizens.
In respect of this aspect, our aim is to establish that the very bodies of the autonomous regions should be informed when legislative initiatives are being taken, so that the self-governing institutions can actually find out about proposals dealing with specific affairs relating to the regions before they are included on the Council's order of business for discussion.
No Member may speak unless called upon to do so by the President.
Together we have to build a new and united Europe - a Europe which includes East as well as West.
This relates to proposed regulations for direct contact between the justice offices and the setting up óf a network between the Union's examining magistrates.
The Tibetans have been'deprived of nearly all their fundamental human rights, and the world has simply stood and watched as the Panchen Lama has been held in captivity by the Chinese.
DIRECTORATE GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
Both must now acknowledge their responsibiUty and sanctions should be taken. This is why I will vote for toe compromise resolution, and will ensure that all toe recommendations of the Committee of Inquiry are implemented, mainly those relating to toe engagement of toe responsibility of toe British government, who is mainly Uable.
Anyway, let me thank you once again, from the bottom of my heart, thank you very much for your report and for the support in it for the Commission's policy.
To turn to my report, at 7 o'clock in the morning in the 1989 European elections, I was stood outside the Royal Ordnance Factory in Patricroft in Eccles in my constituency.
It seems as if the presidency is really afraid that an article with no direct effect but requiring unanimity may be too expensive and here it is not money but rather decency which is important.
President Thank you very much, Commissioner.
Anti-personnel mine conference
The latest threats uttered by Mr Ecevit have not been exactly helpful here.
Answer
Resident medical studentship (1969-1973); assistant hospital doctor; head of university clinical medicine department; university lecturer (since 1977). Head of department at university hospital (since 1983).
Marin think that this is important in the light of the current debate.
The rules implementing the basic regulation in accordance with Article 115 thereof (relating essentially to proceedings before the Office, the agricultural exemption and the fees payable to the Office) are Commission instruments.
CEDT appreciates to have been invited to give evidence to the Committee concerning the specific problems of transit fraud with tobacco products.
The rapporteur shall be responsible for preparing the committee's report and forpresenting it to Parliament on behalf of the committee.
Thus, the amendment on the replacement of Directive 84/466/EURATOM is more than ever necessary.
This is the only way of avoiding a split in European society between the informed and the ignorant.
With this in mind, we wish to vote in favour of the Peter Report.
A brief digression: in the southern French towns where the electorate has voted for mayors belonging to my political party, the National Front, local taxation wUl fall in 1997.
The Commission now has toe important job of ensuring the strict compliance with the contents of the directive.
Following a review of the proportion of documents for publication translated in 1998 - i.e., those which,.in the event of enlargement, would have to be translated into the official languages of the new Member States - the figures obtained are not very different from those obtained the year before (see Annex VII).
That is clearly stated, and I believe that the word 'may' and its equivalents in all the other languages mean the same.
Working lunch hosted by customs service.
For this transitional period, the door is open for varieties which have been sold not earlier than 4 years (or 6 years for trees and vines) before the entry into force of Regulation No 2100/94.
In military terms European is very dependent on the US.
However, I have to say that for reasons of feasibility, an appropriate transition phase wiU certainly have to be aUowed.
Why was toe information that the United States is believed to have held not passed on?
The Ministry's argument has been that extending and spreading the letting period would create doubt over the Danish protocol in the Treaty and that lengthening the period would make the letting out of second homes a commercial activity.
If all the proposals are passed, the Union's expenditure will increase by 350 million ECUs.
The negotiation of new agreements and the implementation of bilateral and inter-regional agreements, signed in recent years, and the development and consolidation of already established political dialogues, are definite priori ties in terms of the European Union's relations with Latin American countries.
If we weigh it all up together, we are talking about a reduction in income of perhaps 4 million ECUs and approximately 100 000 jobs throughout the EU will disappear.
The delegation visited a container terminal operated by the firm Hessenatie, specialists in stevedoring.
And as we know very well, Erik the Red, after crossing the Atlantic, found a land which he called Greenland simply because it was warm and green.
EU-Canada relations
A) ROAD TRANSPORT (TRANSIT OF MERCHANDISE)
That is where we now stand.
In reality, the tobacco did not leave the Community through any of those customs offices but was diverted for consumption somewhere within the European Union.
19.03.1933 Business lawyer Austria
If we look at the figures for the homeless, we can see that more than half of them too are aged between 20 and 40.
Although I cannot agree with all the proposals it contains, the report makes references to risk-reduction policies, the protection of diversity, energy, taxation, public health, waste manage ment and it refutes the Council's refusal to agree to proposals that would guarantee citizens' rights.
President. - Mr Florio, excuse me if I sound pedantic but, according to the Rules, you are not allowed to deüver anyone else's speech in the House.
The term of office of the President, Vice-Presidents and Quaestors shall be twoand a halfyears. years.
Flagship provides a "walk tall" factor for ihese compames.
(B4-0653/97) by Mr Manisco and others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the death penalty in the United States - the O'Dell case;
The Tempus programme is intended to contribute to implementing the principle of equal opportunities in order to ensure that no group of citizens is excluded from its activities by promoting in particular:
By 1st January 1996 the percentage of employees of minority ethnic origin was seven per cent, two per cent higher than the recommended target set by the national Civil Service plan.
Podestà (UPE), rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the policy of economic and social cohesion and cooperation and solidarity between regions is one of the prime objectives of Union policy.
Bjerregaard. - (DA) As I said, I did not think it was a particularly satisfactory answer to give.
Killilea (UPE). - Mr President, on a point of order.
In this regard, I would like in particular to welcome and support the proposal for the dissemination and communication of information through innovative libraries and new technologies.
The Budget Committee also pointed out that we need to have mid-term assessment of cost-effectiveness and implementation performance.
Amendment No 4 by Mr González Triviño calls on the Commission to ensure, in all future civil aviation negotiations with third countries, that those countries introduce liability rules in the interests of passengers that are similar to those laid down in the regulation.
These proposals are still being studied by the Council bodies, pending the outcome of the WTO procedure. dure.
As regards contributions, an average price of EUR 79 per page is budgeted for, given the uncertainty over the impact of the new invoicing method, with the application of surcharges or discounts depending on the deadlines actually requested by the Centre's customers.
0 Author of 'A Conservative Monetary Union' (1990) and 'On Line in Time' (1995).
I voted in favour of censure because I do not accept the principle of 'responsible but not guilty'.
It is extremely doubtful whether an American law would be valid on Swedish (or other European) territory.
That amendment did not get enough votes and that is why it has not been included in the directive.
Yes, we are a nuisance, and no we are not a conservative parliament. But that is the price of democracy.
In addition under the new regulation there must be a label on all foodstuffs which in theh composition, nutritious character istics or application are not equivalent to usual or established products and where labelling is necessary for ethical or health reasons.
You have the floor, Commissioner.
This to me indicates a panic reaction, and we must not allow our understandable concern with public health -and it is proper that we should be concerned - to unnecessarily undermine the importance of toe common agricultural policy as an essential management support measure for sustainable European agriculture and, in particular, its importance in keeping toe maximum number of farm famUies on the land of Europe and, as well, in toe broader context of rural development to which I know our present Commissioner Fischler is totally committed.
As far as protection is concerned, I would like to highlight one important point: the protection of forests against fire.
and know­how among local fishermen.
Clearly, fishing fleets are too large, clearly fishing effort is too strong - so we have a big problem!
Starting out from the need to improve safety at sea, which is the guiding principle behind my report, I have sought to introduce certain changes which, without altering the legal nature of the Convention, are designed firstly to improve and consolidate the proposal for a directive wherever possible, making it simpler to interpret and apply; and, secondly, to remove any legal uncertainty or conflict as regards Member States' obligations in terms of issuing and recognizing certificates and training seafarers.
• 2 Queen Anne's Gate London SW1H 9AA · United Kingdom Tel. (44­171)227 43 00 Fax (44­171)227 43 02 E­mail: eplondon@europarl.eu.int Internet: http://wwvv.cec.org.uk
Rule 109Order in the chamber
Having regard to ParUament's resolution of 10 October 1995 (B4-1204/95) on the transparency of CouncU decisions and the Community's legislative procedures (') and following toe adoption of the Code of Conduct of 2 October 1995 on toe pubhshing of Council minutes and statements in the minutes, in which particular cases has the CouncU continued its practice of making unilateral statements on pending legislation in its minutes, for what reasons, have they made accessible to the public in accordance with the Code of Conduct and has it always obtained the consent of Parliament in advance in the case of declarations made under the codecision procedure, or, at least informed Parliament as co-legislator?
The procedure for giving a discharge shall end with a vote on the motionfor a resolution as a whole.
Consequently, when the Commission pro duces the amended version of Directive 90/220, it must be sure to include clear indications on risk assessment.
I agree with Commissioner Marin that this Parliament must do everything it can to guarantee financing for the Palestinians and the long term economy.
The call for the establishment of a minimum of control over the Member States' powers to raise tax is very important here, to prevent application of the single-place-of-taxation principle being used to avoid" tax.
The respective budgets are ECU 850 million for Socrates (the Council having originally proposed ECU 760 million) and ECU 126 million for 'Youth for Europe' (the Council originally having proposed ECU 105 million).
Fischler, Member of the Commission. - (DE) Mr President ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Commission, I should first of all like to thank Mrs Redondo Jiménez and her colleagues in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development for their report on the Commission proposals which are now before the House.
0 Former political adviser.
Ladies and gendemen, it is indeed a great pleasure for me to be here with you today to inform you of the sequel to
Mr President, I shall be grateful for whatever you may be able to do or say in this respect.
In derogation of the agreed procedure, the Council and the European Parliament jointly decided not to complete the ad hoc procedure before the first reading of the Council's draft budget so as to give the Commission the opportunity to obtain more knowledge of the state of the market, on the
There are two important aspects which we would emphasize.
It makes sense to mention these two important aspects of our common transport policy more prominently in Article 6.
This problem has intensified recently since the Netherlands and Norway slashed taxes in the shipping industry.
The Members of the Committee who participated in the Delegation were:
These studies were those required by the Council's Conclusions of 22 June 1995.
I am amazed to hear the position of the EPP which, in theory,
Robles Piquer (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, naturally I cannot but praise and ratify the full approval aheady given in the Committee on Cooperation and Development to the excellent report from our colleague, Mrs Baldi.
8.3 Academic assessment
However, the main point is that differentiation of vehicle taxes, according to infrastructure damage, expressed by reference to total vehicle weight and to air pollution propensity, as ex pressed in the form of the Euro classification, is not only possible, it is relatively simple and also widely accepted by Member States.
This could be extended to 3 p.m. at the latest.
Other serious forms of violence are: discrimination and sexual harassment faced by women in the workplace and their virtual exclusion from public office and from political decisionmaking centres; the commonplace refusal of men to support their children morally and materially after divorce; the abuse of women through advertising and the media; pornography and prostitution.
Both are based on the assumption that the controversial matter of co­determination by company organs in the supervisory board or board of directors would not be pursued further and that the employee involvement direc­tives would be withdrawn.
Former Member of the National Assembly for Isère.
I have to say that the Caribbean ambassadors were utterly devastated by this decision.
The dates have been confirmed since I raised the matter in the House this week.
It has crossed national boundaries and facilitated the spread of disease via animals and foodstuffs.
Van Dok-Van Weele. - (NL) I think that the honourable member of the European Parliament has raised a very interesting point which also supports my answer and points out that we should adopt a more analytical approach to the matter.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0140/97) by Mr Graziani, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, on the communication from the Commission on relations between the Euro pean Union and Canada (SEC(96)0331 - C4-0620/96).
IN THE CHAIR: MRS SCHLEICHER Vice-President
Kreissl-Dörfler (V). - (DE) Mr President, the Green Group in the European Parliament has never regarded the organization of the market in bananas as an ideal solution, but it did at least provide an opportunity for supporting a type of agriculture based on small holdings.
Would it be conect to interpret the article as not in any way limiting Member States' rights individually to consider and approve applications for asylum by nationals of EU Member States?
In the event of a tie, the oldest candidateshall be elected.
But there is one thing that we cannot forget.
The maximum total that can be claimed back (for 1997 and 1998) amounts to ECU 184 761.56.
1 natural or legal persons from countries within t/ie õuropean
In this context, incidentally, South Africa has decided that it will not import any wastes and will not export hazardous wastes.
Any member of the public can turn to a Member of the European Parliament with his or her hopes and concerns.
Answer
1998 budgetary implementation and financial analysis
I ask you to call on Mr van den Broek finally to apply a procedure that has been on file since 1995 so as to ensure that these promises really are kept.
In particular, the exchange of information between examination offices working on the same species, aspects in respect of the language of the procedure and the handling of samples were considered.
That is why the dispute or discussion of recent years has invariably focused on· the amount of funds assigned to each item of compulsory expenditure - especially since our experience of the last fifteen years has shown that the amounts allocated are always higher than the payments the Community actually makes.
That at least is our position.
This is useful because it provides citizens with this information, and provides useful feedback about toe obstacles they actuaUy encounter.
President. - Congratulations to Mr Rothley and everyone else who has contributed to this outcome.
Women and children are particularly subject to this abuse.
5) Draft Regulation prepared by the Working Group on Security and Confidentiality
Debates of the European Parliament
These antibiotics may also give rise to resistant bacteria.
Am I going to get a reply? If so, when?
Degree in physics (Brussels).
It is a great honour to speak to such a distinguished audience, gathered to witness this solemn act for the new institution designed to serve the peoples of Euro­pe.
I have just received a letter from the Dutch Agriculture Minister to the effect that he must attend a national parliament sitting in the afternoon.
I am not glorifying anything.
The same applies to the social dimension, especially concerning the precarious job situation, which particularly affects women.
In Armenia as in Azerbaijan, democracy is not yet solidly entrenched.
Parliament's rules of procedure clearly define its role in the appointment of the ECB's President, Vice-
Evans (PSE). - Mr President, the fact that two speakers are not present at the end of the debate just shows the unfortunate and unsatisfactory nature of splitting a debate.
But, there has been a positive develop ment, despite the problems with the Treaty, in that Commissioner Gradin has initiated several good proposals on asylum, 'burden sharing', immigration, corruption and synthetic drugs.
Une tracie mar/i is a leeu element of company policu: en/lancina its value means noldinq on to or acquiring market shares.
We have insisted in our relations with Japan, that there should be no discrimination against us compared with the United States.
Who controls spending?
It shuts the door on positive scientific applications and developments.
As Mr Tomlinson said, it is a pity that there is no one here from the Council to hear that.
In my opinion, we should make an urgent start on the implementation of the Ruding committee recommendations.
The exchange of informa tion between crime investigators and the magistrates must improve. An important proposal has been made as to how the exchange of documents between the courts can be made quicker and more efficient.
Council has the final say on compulsory expenditure, essentially farm spending and spending arising from international agreements with third countries, and Par liament decides on non-compulsory expenditure (all other spending).
In fact, as Parliament, we should never have been able to approve this programme and we should not have been able to approve the result of the conciliation proceedings.
Debates of the European Parliament
Question No 49 by Ulla Sandbæk (H-0139/97) Subject: Consultation arrangements and Berne Convention
President. - The time allowed for questions to Mrs Bonino has come to an end.
It is accompanied by two resolutions.
I therefore cannot accept Amend ment No 5.
The main fleets of Community fishing vessels catching mackerel in Western waters off the coasts of the United Kingdom and heland are purse seiners and freezer trawlers.
The European Commission's communication on space travel of December 1996 clearly illustrates how important toe promotion of applications and markets in satellite communications is for the purposes of improving Eu rope's competitiveness.
When we talk about endangered animal species, we should certainly support them.
Hadzidakis (PPE). - (EL) Mr President, without a shadow of a doubt there has recently been movement on the Cypriot question and I think that the main reason for this movement is the application of Cyprus to join the European Union.
This section will focus on the former category.
He has no power to deal with complaints about any other authority or person.
They are inactive because they are not registered as unemployed nor are they seeking work because they do not lack a job, but it is neither recognised nor remunerated.
The required expensive, and in virtually every case private, investments are readily made in densely populated areas, and become concentrated there.
Parallel editions will also be appearing in the following official languages of the Union: Danish, German, Greek, Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Finnish and Swedish.
We therefore have little scope for influencing demographic statistics, but what we can do as politicians is respond to changing circumstances.
The meeting was chaired by the Deputy of the French Minister of Transport, Mr Jean Guillot, and was structured around a series of presentations by nominated experts, on the basis of written submissions.
A public hearing on human rights in Algeria heard both official and Opposition' views and led to the start of a 'breakthrough' political dialogue at parliamentary level both in Algeria and in Strasbourg.
We must at the same time accentuate the positive aspects which the information society will bring, because we have before us a predictable new model for economic growth and as such it should have a positive effect on employment.
I do not take bæk any of the substance of my criticism - on the contrary -but the manner in which you have spoken today, the change you have demonstrated, proving that such develop ments are possible, has won my deep respect, and I wanted to tell you that today.
It is a valid instrument because of what it already represents today and, in my opinion, because of what it can mean, especially in terms of the visibility of the problem - given that only 20 % of women are aware of the existence of the equality policies either of the Community or of the Member States.
I would conclude by expressing my regret that because of time constraints, I cannot respond at this juncture to the variety of questions.
I welcome her recognition of the high standards in Northern Ireland.
White (PSE). - I am grateful to the Commissioner for that very useful reply.
The Russian Federation and Ukraine may act as Coordinator of a project.
It is important that the social partners should be able to use the opportunities that the Treaty on European Union offers them.
220 Psychology and Behavioural Sciences
Looking at the situation in Latin America today, it is obvious that it is not, as Mr Bertens said a moment ago, the same situation as in the last few decades. It is a much more complex, more active world, with good things and bad, but also with enormous possibilities.
This of course makes it especially clear that a review of Directive 220 on labelling is more than overdue.
According to him, the Schengen agreements must not be used as an excuse for hermetically sealing the external borders.
Total amount of the grant (amounts in euro)
This decision, Madam President, Ladies and Gentlemen, can only help to undermine what has been achieved in such a difficult peace process and - Heaven forbid - could again open the flood gates' to tension and violence which it would be difficult to stem.
So if you can help us in getting member countries to send their data quickly and in similar formats, it would enable us to clarify our ideas consider ably.
I am thinking in particular of the simplification of the codecision procedure, which strengthens the effectiveness and democratic character of the decisionmaking process.
B)Operations
Joint European Projects are three-year projects whose overall aim is to contribute to the long-term development and renewal of the partner countries' higher education.
I hope you wUl accept that as a genuine mistake, and the record can be amended accordingly.
Denmark in what is known as the 'Euroregion Schleswig/Slesvig'.
Thirdly, we shall have to find some type of response given that the common position is only valid for six months and will come to an end in July - in other words something has to be done before July.
On the question of the transport of radioactive material, the Greens in particular quoted America as a shining example of safety standards.
Why has this White Paper not yet been published, four years after the initial consultation and exactly one year after the Commission stated it was 'likely to be agreed by the Commission in the very near future'?
President. - That will do, or I shall not let you have the floor.
I should also like to know whether the budgetary re sources are adequate.
I am emphatically against it and I ask my colleagues to reject this motion.
Many women encounter the same types of discrimination: unemployment for example, particularly long-term unemployment, affects them more than it does men.
Today many countries ban the use of comprehensive or blanket guarantees and an individual flatrate guarantee is used.
We realize that it will not be easy to reach a consensus in the Council on all these proposals, but I am convinced that this approach should be pursued if we really do wish to make progress on tax policy. A coordinated approach is essential, and we shall carry it forward.
Commander of the Orden del Sol (Order of the Sun) (Peru).
The needs of democratic development in these changing countries wiU not be served if a large part of theh national economic success is due to Western banks.
It is also important to consider the role of the European Commission as guardian of the treaties.
We would all have liked to have been there and as President of the Friends of Music in Parliament I would like to have had earlier notice.
The situation in Algeria preoccupies all Western democracies who are seeking positive dialogue whilst respecting cultural differences. The European Union is searching for an association agreement with Algeria, wishing to establish structured political dialogue.
That is what I have been trying to achieve.
However, this should represent only a component of a JEP, while course development and related activities should remain the core of the project.
Moreover, in accordance with the terms of the Interinstitutional Agreement1, it will not be possible to cite the names of individuals or organisations the identities of which have been communicated to the Committee in closed session as being implicated in transit fraud and related crimes.
That is the meaning behind the partnerships for accession that the Commission proposes to establish with each of the candidate countries.
Training is the only way of achieving a form of flexibility which is positive for mankind.
A second institutional issue still to be decided concerns the future operation of the presidency of the Council of Ministers.
We must support this blacklist of unsafe airlines.
Stenmarck (PPE). - (SV) The President-in-Office has himself said that it is time to start tackling this matter more seriously.
I should like to tell him that there is a formula, which is being accepted now, for the role to be played in the future by national parliaments.
In Portugal, persons who fail to fulfil their obligation to supply information in the appropriate fashion at the right time may be fined (Article 21 of Law 6/89 of 15 April 1989).
We are determined that the IGC will be concluded on time and will produce substantial results.
We do not mean to cast any aspersions here, and that is why we have included nothing on that in the resolution.
It has refrained from taking comprehensive, political measures.
0 Member of Jette Municipal Council.
Moreover, adequate alternatives that cause less damage to health and the environment are available for uses of TRI.
We can also rejoice that more and more States on our continent and in other parts of the world now refrain from executing theh citizens.
The European Union must tackle the promotion of its maritime industry and it is vital for it to put an end to the switching of activities towards other countries.
This wiU have to be taken up again in the budget discussions. In addition, a regrouping and restructuring wUl be necessary within the Commission.
(Mixed reactions)
President of Chrétienté-Solidarité (Christianity and Solidarity).
Member of the National Assembly for Seine (1956).
General principles
When you think about it, the Union spends only 3 % of public expenditure.
It has even happened in my country, in Italy.
Debates of the European Parliament
Ahlqvist Andersson, Theorin, Waidelich and Wibe (PSE), in writing. - (SV) We are voting in favour of the report, especiaUy as we believe the entire policy of helping to close down vineyards on such a large scale is
Finally, there is the call for swifter administrative proce­dures, and of course I should like to hear the Commission­er's response to the contents of this report.
and defend the democratic process with a view to gua ranteeing the rights of peoples to determine for them selves their development objectives and the methods of achieving them.
Ojala (GUE/NGL). - (FI) Mr President, I wish to say something about Paragraph 12.
These must be solved both at national level and through European cooperation.
It is too often forgotten that social security is not of course only influenced by EMU, but also by demographic developments and technological factors.
Recommendation 12:
This is an important issue, and not merely an economic one.
Mann, presents no particular difficulty. It covers the implementation of competition rules to prevent distortions in trade with Bulgaria.
However, the rapporteur points out - and I think this is important - that when we are aiming for a global approach, as we are now - it is clear that the European Union is not responding in this field of company law as might be expected when, strange to say, all aspects of trade are taking on a more international and global character and becoming ever more alike.
The Commission feels that it is possible, beneath that ceiling, to pursue the reform of the common agricultural policy, to maintain the effort for cohesion and to develop internal and external policies.
- All contacts with the public authorities of a Member State shall be made by way of that Member State's Permanent Representation to the EU.
We shall now proceed to the vote. (') *
Article 7lmplementation of discharge decisions
The others over there are being a bit quiet for a change, which is a better thing!
That is why I voted for censure, even though I appreciate the significant advances represented by President Santer's proposals with a view to correcting past errors - one way, as it were, of acknowledging toe responsibUity and culpabiüty of his Commission.
course of the budgetary procedure.
Nor do we have a national market for food.
In the context of the political and security partnership, violations of the principle of respect for territorial integrity (committed by Turkey against Greece and by Israel against Lebanon) calls for agreements to be drawn up on the subject of conflict prevention.
In general, the administrative development work is pro gressing according to plan. As time goes on the necessary reforms will improve the efficiency of the use of Community funds.
At present there are some 500 active substances of this kind on the market in the European Union, and around 5000 products containing these substances are manufactured, mostly by small and medium-sized enterprises.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is our individual national cultures that make the rich patchwork of Europe's culture. National interests should have the right to protect their own cultures as they see fit.
Much remains to be done. And the Commission endorses its content and the contributions made by the various groups in large part.
The subject of terrorism has been raised on a number of occasions as part of the EU's cooperation on Justice and Home Affairs.
4) All Tl documents have a single identification.
The Commission has, however, decided to accept the second and the fifth amendments.
The same course which the Italian government has taken for conversion by means of the corresponding aids should be pursued for the Atlantic and those Member States still using it, thus settling the problem which keeps the fishermen on tenterhooks and each year costs the Community budget dearly.
What was the voluntary setaside when the rate was 10 %, and when it was 5 %? If we lower the rate, does the percentage for voluntary setaside accordingly become higher, yes or no?
I know from personal experience that this is not a new idea, and that the Minister and the presidency have the interests of democracy at heart.
Subject: Delays in the utilization of appropriations for the Greek Community Support Framework programmes in the field of education '
As to the future, progress still needs to be made.
It is also an environmental project. It is a project which takes account of bottlenecks and which can be made economically justifiable.
Parliament's work is organized by the Bureau - the President of Parliament and the 14 Vice-Presidents elected by the MEPs - in collaboration with the chairmen of the political groups.
Costs are an important aspect in the introduction of these sources.
THE QUEEN V FABIO GfflSELLI, FABIO MARCUS GHISELLI, GARY RICHARDSON, KENNETH RICHARD STEVENS.
As with the investiture of President Santer, as with what is going to happen next month with Community transit, the European Parliament has denounced it, toe European Parliament has condemned it, and at the end of toe day toe European Parliament has backed down.
Do we not now need to develop something like a new culture together?
On the basis of the Member States' reports the Commission will elaborate a consolidated report, the first one being scheduled for early 1998.
It should be borne in mind that without Eleni Foka there will only be one teacher in the next school year for the Greek Cypriot pupils belonging to three villages in the enclave.
In the strictly commercial sector, it is important that a small number of extremely powerful economic interests, such as those connected with steel, wheat, beef and the audio-visual industry, should not predominate, nor cause us to overlook - or even cause us to consider as less important or marginal - the need to achieve by consensus mutually acceptable solutions to problems which are socially and economically relevant for certain regions and countries of the European Union which, by coincidence, belong to less developed areas, and where, furthermore, solidarity is far from being a reality.
The draft Debré law enormously increases the already stringent provisions of the famous or infamous Pasqua laws, elevating denunciation to the status of a duty and a law, under which anyone who provides lodging for a foreigner is obliged to disclose his personal details.
I also wish to ascribe the success that was achieved in Oslo and will soon be confirmed and signed in Ottawa, to the NGO International Campaign to ban landmines.
Oreja Aguirre, Member of the Commission. - (ES) I had in fact made a note of that but I overlooked it amongst all these papers.
I think that, if only because of the appeals from such eminent quarters which have been lodged in this case, the Governor of the State of Virginia and the other authorities concerned cannot fail to be at least shaken in their certainty; within less than a week, a person, albeit innocent, could be killed.
It is also true to say that-many municipalities are cunently in such a bad state financially that they do not have the means to use EU aid, they quite simply do not have the means to get hold of it.
What we have here are more than 105 million inhabitants, over 1 million square kilometres in area, countries which do not achieve even a third of the average income in terms of Community per capita GDP and countries whose dependence on agriculture for employment is 26 % as compared with an average 5 % in the Union.
Finally, we made clear in our group that what we want to see is that those issues to be transferred, as we hope they will be, from the third to the first pillar must also be subject to QMV and codecision as Mr Santer has aheady made clear for the Commission.
So we can look at them at the same time.
Valverde López (PPE), rapporteur. - (ES) Mr President, this annual debate on the progress of the European Union in 1995 is pursuant to article D of the Treaty of Maastricht.
Shops are important employers and so they should come in for this kind of subsidy.
Debates of the European Parliament
- the present situation and prospects for closer partnership 1996-2000' (COM(95)0495 - C4-0489/95).
(B4-0532/97) by Mrs van Bladel and others, on behalf of the UPE Group, on the trade in ivory;
Cresson
At present, the regulations adopted on the legal status of the euro are specifically designed to provide sufficient legal guarantees to ensure that the euro can be used by every enterprise in the world that wishes to use it.
AGENCY OR BODY
I should like to put two very simple questions to him.
Lastly, concerning the ties between MERCOSUR and Chile, it is most important, when we implement this agreement, that we' should also bear in mind the implementation of the agreement between the Union and MERCOSUR. COSUR.
In the area of jobs and the environment, an increase in capacity is also effectively taking place.
Union policy towards Algeria
Bertens (ELDR). - (NL) Madam President in Zaire we are faced with toe result of a lack of coherent and positive action on the part of toe European Union and other international powers.
That is why the Commission's input into the cooperation taking place in the Baltic region, like the implementation of the Baltic Region AGENDA 21 programme, must be increased considerably.
the public authorities are unable to give effect to their views as regards what is feasible or, for that matter, what is economically viable.
73 stable
In particular, it is in no way the Commission's intention to bypass the consultation procedure with Parliament.
16.09.1925 Honorary professor of cardiovascular surgery France RPR MEP: 19.07.1994 UPE
That is why our position is that the market share approach is only justifiable where it is strictly necessary for the effective­ness of the policy, and also provided that the Commission publishes clear guidelines, after consultation with the sectors involved.
That is the message that should be sent. I would say that there is good point in condemning the action by Renault.
Can the Commission also indicate how cunent staff levels can be tailored, as soon as possible, to the extended remit of the ECVAM?
Authority, Euratom and the Member States of the Euratom.
The President of the Commission can only take up office with the approval of the European Parliament.
Estimated fraud is 0.51% of the total tax/duty/excise amount covered by the transit system.12
Firstly, economic competitiveness: if the European economy is not competitive, the social protection system wiU coUapse in the long term.
The Fourçans report tries to evoke the possibility of setting up at European level a political body comprising representatives of all the Member States, subjected to solid democratic controls and that would play the role of coordinating national economic policies.
B.A. in economics from St. John's College, Cambridge.
Development of genetic modification by technology has generally brought about the need for this directive and whilst public acceptance and the obvious usefulness of the beneficial effects of biotechnology in other sectors like medicine and pharmaceuticals is now clear, this is not immediately the case when it comes to plant and animal biotechnology or genetically engineered food.
The allegations in the resolution are very serious indeed.
I should therefore like to thank Mrs Fontaine for the work she has done and the rapid progress she has made with it to enable us to accept this proposal today.
The more antibiotics are used, the greater such a risk.
What possibilities does all this offer us for the future?
I believe that it is very important that we introduce a system for the identification and registration of cattle that is effective, sound and secure.
I am thus totally in favour of the approach toe honourable member advocates.
Member States should be looking at the introduction of compulsory IT modules within teacher training courses.
Cot (PSE). - (FR) Mr President, I should like to welcome the vote that has just been held and which registered a substantial majority in favour of the Rothley report.
It is important to come back to toe increased longevity of the citizens of toe European Union.
I am not talking about EU boats - at least we have an agreement which regulates that - but a number of fleets from elsewhere, particularly from Asia which have been found in violation of the territorial waters of the Republic of Guinea.
Conclusion
This reminds me of the promises we received from somebody called Tansu Ciller, then Prime Minister, now Foreign Minister of Turkey, that she was the bulwark against an Islamic Government in Turkey.
Parliament's information offices in the Member States (see list on page 28) will be pleased to give you any further information you require about your Parliament in Europe.
Universal telecommunications service, p. 163 - 10.
Roth (V). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as other Members have already said, the human rights situation in Iran really is worse than it has ever been.
Answer
However, our contributions to Amster­dam were ignored.
My apologies to all my colleagues who are still here this evening.
For decades war has raged in the depths of the East with carnage and unrestrained bloodshed.
President. - Mr McMahon, you have made your point and it is one that has been made every morning this week.
Lastly, and within the general context of the defence of the human rights and freedoms of all Argentine citizens, we call upon the authorities to remain active and vigilant.
In the context of the preaccession strategy, the Community cultural and audiovisual programmes will be opened up for participation by the candidate States on the basis of specific anangements laid down in the additional protocols to the European agreements, thus allowing closer cooperation between them and the Member States, based on the acquis communautaire and the Community's priorities in the cultural and audiovisual fields.
Is it not time, therefore, for the EMI and the Commission to recognize that they have to rebalance their own policy?
Priorities f or Compact Projects in 1999/2000
One necessary conclusion presented to the delegation was therefore that contacts between UCLAF and national prosecutors should be "formalised" in such a way as to make them useful in specific prosecutions.
I mentioned this in committee too, but unfortunately the mistakes were not corrected. I cordially request the Commission to look into this again.
It is with an intense regret which I would like you to share, that I felt the weakness of the regional dimension.
This does not however seem to be the meaning behind the proposals approved yesterday by the Committee on Budgets.
It is different. It is closer to all of us, and ' just as there is a chapter for industry so, too, there should be a chapter for tourism.
Often, in parallel with the elementary principles and the principal elements which give it its special nature, the interprofessional and sectoral dialogues consist of com mittees and working groups.
I find this extremely worrying.
This cannot be tolerated.
Let us live out in our daily lives the values of solidarity and brotherhood, adopting for ourselves the beautiful words of the writer Carlos Fuentes, which I quote: 'Our culture is not made from isolation but from communication, confrontation and contagion.
I indicated to your services that I wanted to issue a statement on behalf of my group, the Union for Europe.
True, it does not work when the need is not felt or when one of the parties makes exorbitant or over-constraining claims on other partners, but must we bemoan this fact?
It is important because it goes beyond the case in point and reflects the relationship between European Union and industrial policy. The resolution does not deny either the problem of competitiveness or the need for restructuring, but firmly calls for respect for the rules.
It is high time to set up a meteorological observatory to monitor all disasters of this type in countries in or linked to the European Union.
It must be possible to bring proceedings against anyone who fails to implement environmental law.
In general and in Une with the Treaty toe Commission is responsible when drawing up the budget for proposing a level of budget appropriations as close as possible to anticipated needs.
In order to comply with the interests of the gene industry, the Directive turns basic principles of patent law upside down.
Any deal would have to lead to Congress adopting the legislative amendments to permit a waiver of Title 4 of the Helms-Burton Act; and the United States' Administration would also have to grant a multilateral regime waiver under the D'Amato Act.
As regards third countries, from where the EU might import beef and cattle-based products, Norway, New Zealand, Australia, Canada and the United States have provided the Commission with a dossier concerning their BSE status.
Lulling reason there - at any rate, no better than toe reason we have been discussing this week - to censure a Commission that disregards the fate of tens of millions of citizens of our Union.
Sandbæk (I-EDN), rapporteur for an opinion of the Committee on Development and Cooperation. - (DA) Mr President, the EU buys up fishing rights in third countries because fish stocks are declining in its own waters and there is overcapacity in its fishing fleets.
What we did find in the Commission was a dreadful inertia - aU those notes about no more meetings on BSE and so on.
Evans (PSE). - Mr President, on a point of order. There are few if any people in this House who have greater respect for you than I do but perhaps you could clarify a point for me.
Eligible activities
Many speakers mentioned the special Luxembourg sum mit which is to focus on employment.
If we are to fight the common market in crime, we have to have a genuine European judicial and police area.
And as Mrs Green has already pointed out, these are obstacles of which the Turks themselves are increasingly aware.
In my opinion, over twenty years' experience of the Lomé Convention has essentially shown two things: the first is that the principles of a global, even-handed, contractual agreement based on partnership are still valid today and that in the new reality of a world which is even more
Truscott (PSE). - Mr President on reviewing the Minutes I note that under Item 7 'Defence-related industries' it is stated under Amendment No 1 that Mr Provan, Mr Spencer and Mr Cassidy voted in favour of integrating the WEU into the European Union.
ANNEX - CONTACT ADDRESSES
My group therefore welcomes the intention to allow Hungary, the Czech Republic and Romania to participate on an equal footing in Community education programmes.
If date of filing can be assigned.
But this solution will clearly never be achieved as long as this whole issue is still subject to the unanimity rule.
We are well aware of the issue of late payments and have brought the matter to the attention of the Commission.
Brittan, Sir Leon, Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, may I start by joining all the other speakers in expressing our thanks and congratulations to Mrs Fontaine for the work she has done with regard to this important issue.
It is understandable that after upholding toe conclusions of toe Uruguay Round, neither the Commission nor the European Parliament wished to hear these truths. How ever, we must take stock of them one day if we wish to rectify the situation.
The Commission's four principles for solving this problem sound good: to wit, simplification, coherence, pragmatic and planned progress and general application.
The SMUs must be able to participate as such, and not only in consultation, but also in the negotiations leading to social agreements which can subsequently be declared binding.
Debates of the European Parliament
When I look at what social forces such as the trade union movement and employers' organizations are saying as regards democrati­zation, their demands and wishes correspond reasonably well with what we are saying, and that is a step forward.
I am Catalan, as Bernard Pradier said, and I live in a land which struggled for its own identity for years and years, but I have to say I never understood violence in politics and, of course, we have never practised it.
It seems to me that an expert Member like yourself needs no comfirmatton that of course it is impossible to introduce 100 rules, or even 10, in a week.
Training of customs agents and exchanges of information so as to help them recognize Ulegal products is essential, and the European Union countries can all help with the technical assistance needed in less-developed countries.
Captain in the naval reserve.
Community Plant Variety Office
It sought to visit Angola on a peace mission...
* there is an increasing interest from the OSH authorities in informing the public about the utility of improving working conditions by using CBA * employers are interested in models for estimating costs and benefits
In this respect the purchasing bodies can encourage companies to adopt an active environmental approach by not rejecting offers of products containing reconditioned parts or recycled materials, when toe technical performances of these products meet toe requirements laid down in toe general conditions.
guarantees and the requirement for an individual guarantee fully covering the duties and other charges payable.
We all agree, but when it comes to revising the treaty, we see what happens: zilch!
Like my colleague, Mr Castricum, I also support toe Commission's initiatives and hope that toe Council wUl foUow these up, but I would also advocate the expansion of these initiatives.
Assistant, State University of Ghent (1969­ 1973).
How could this have happened?
This is seriously depleting Community coffers and also means potential losses for law-abiding businesses.
The credibility of the Commission is now at stake here.
There is a need for improvement in areas such as combating govern ment assistance to national companies and ensuring fair competition.
Despite legislation covering road transport used for both commercial and private use, Europe still has a frighteningly high rate of road mortality - resulting in honendous suffering for the victims and families of those involved.
If the process is not completed, European integration will be no more than it is today - a single market and a customs union, but one that tends to merge more and more into a vast free trade area, open and exposed to all the currents of globalization.
Debates of the European Parliament
it and noted that one government representative after another from the Eastern European states emphasized the importance of the PHARE programmes for the develop ment of the infrastructure programmes in their countries.
One which comes to mind is that when there is nominal growth of 5 %, 3 % real growth, 2 % inflation, in order to maintain a 60 % GDP debt rate, the public deficit must be no greater than 3 %.
This extremely interesting report also puts forward a number of suggestions as to how the European
Now the time for renewable raw materials is approaching.
* the foundation to promote the improvement of safety and health at work has not yet been set up and therefore it is impossible to assess the impact of the measures
I should very much like to know if Mr Van Miert will take these views into account.
► Replaced Mr Dominique BAUDIS (PPE), who resigned.
We, who have already been Members of the Union for many years, for decades in
So it is essential to take every possible measure to preserve skills, foster professionalism and promote training for European seamen.
The public should be informed about the petitions that are being examined, and above all about the petitions for which solutions have been found.
On the other hand the issue has strong political implications because it is linked to working towards a common European foreign and security policy.
What the Commissioner told us is very significant and important, and we aU agree with it.
In particular, avoid irresponsible interference, partisan gesticulations or irrelevant parliamentary resolutions which each Algerian faction immediately hastens to turn to its advantage.
It cannot be right for some people first to exhaust theh own fishing grounds and then to try to exhaust those of theh neighbours.
Secondly, I would like to say that I cannot answer for the Council of Ministers.
In the tight of this situation, our group proposes two simple amendments whose common objective is to safe guard the future of our agriculture. First, the European Union must keep its promises to our farmers, and sec ondly the Maastricht convergence criteria must not be used as an alibi.
If he cannot, you will be told why.
The Cohesion Forum was organised by the Commission as an opportunity for all concerned by Community cohesion policies - national, regional and local authorities, social partners, representative organisations, research institutes and experts - to give their assessment of achievements up to the present and contribute ideas for the future.
Expenditures incurred to create opportunities for disabled persons to perform normal activities, such as workplace or housing conversions and occupational rehabilitation.
At the outset of the inquiry, some six months ago, the answer offered by the scientists seemed to be a macabre echo of Pontius Pilate: 'There is no reUable scientific proof of the existence of transmissibility to man, but nor is there any proof to the contrary.'
The threat to the livelihood of these companies, and in any case the extra costs imposed upon them put jobs at risk and potentially have knock-on effects for related areas of the economy.
Singapore has not brought any progress at all for the envhonment!
Unfortunately, I have to say that, sometimes I have the feeling that we are approaching the future backwards; we are so out of step in our attitudes.
Colom i Naval (PSE). - (ES) Mr President, in the Minutes of the sitting of 13 January, my name does not appear on the attendance register - no doubt through some error of my own.
So I really support the various objectives you have presented to us, notably in the area of SMEs, innovation, training, youth employment and so on.
On the other hand, both in the reform of the mechanisms for withdrawing products from the market and in measures for finding an outlet for the products withdrawn there is even provision also for free distribution. tion.
They have to regulate that among themselves.
THE EARTH SONG SAYS
Let me now express our surprise at the fact that there have been very differing discussions on the subject of the context of the report.
Sanz Fernandez (PSE). - (ES) Madam President, the interest of the conciliation focused on the European Parliament proposal to guarantee the open broadcasting of major sporting events.
I should like to know the opinion of the Commissioner on these two questions.
Anyone who says no to police checks, no to the inclusion of undesirables in the Schengen Information System or no to the ruling on third countries has not understood Schengen. gen.
Ten of the Member States are either sure that the system will be overdue or are at least uncertain about its readiness on schedule.
0 Member of the Echternach Municipal Council and assistant mayor.
I also refer to President Santer's proposal for an employment confidence pact. There too, the Commission welcomes the fact that its efforts for improving the coordination of economic policies, making full use of the potential of Article 102A and 103, are now bearing fruit.
Goods can simply be unloaded clandestinely en route and placed on the black market in the confident expectation that by the time the deadlines for arrival at destination, return of copy 5, initiation of inquiry procedure and replies to the inquiries have passed, the fraudster will have had adequate time to make his profit and disappear.
In short, we need a fifth agreement in principle, so that this story can be continued towards development, and not towards constriction within industrialization; so that struc­tures change; so that we also obtain the budget here; so that this Parliament participates in the whole process; and above all, so that changes occur in these countries, so that a democratic development like that of the European Union can take place, and so that human rights are respected.
At the moment there is a public enquiry into the expansion of Heathrow Airport to almost twice its present size.
I think that we really must join forces to make sure that the future Treaty preserves the European model of society, a model for which the European Parliament and the Euro pean Commission must be willing to fight.
It is pure selfishness.
Without doubt, at this stage, when torture is still an everyday occurrence, there will continue to be refugees and this third-state clause is therefore a disaster.
So as well as promoting regional cooperation, we also need to adopt an individual approach to each country.
That means that the consumer must have the right to know how the corn and the soya that he eats is produced.
3) An additional copy of the T5 is handed to the transport operator (since this document duly stamped has to be compared with discharge confirmation).
In order for the employment Summit to be a success, the Luxembourg Presidency will not be enough.
Development problems and structural operations in France under Objectives 1 and 2, p. 309 - 7.
Given that some 1.2 million Austrian citizens - nearly a quarter of the country's voters -supported the petition for a referendum on genetic engineering, it is unlikely that many Austrian consumers would agree that it is.
Gahrton, Holm and Lindholm (V), in writing. - (SV) We think it is important that each individual in the EU has toe right to reasonable basic levels of social security.
It is just as important to promote and foster the creativity of all those involved in the production process.
Why not provide them with a programme that will help them to complete their studies?
The creation of employment and the promotion of collective structures which allow the development of the individual in coexistence and solidary can provide an example for that.
Group of the European Radical Alliance
After this first initiative, the Commission has not reexamined the matter nor, despite constant pressure from Parliament, has it taken any other initiative.
The warehouses and free ports are operated by railway undertakings or private warehousing firms.
B4-0803/97 by Mrs Aelvoet and Mrs Roth, on behalf of the V Group, on the political situation following the UNsponsored talks on Cyprus in Troutbeck and Mon treux;
But before I get my eyes torn out, I want to make one conciliatory remark.
Indeed, part of what I wished to say has been pre-empted by Mr Alber's comments on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, and it is therefore superfluous to talk about the need for freedom of establishment or matters concerning the inter nal market.
I hope now that, not only toe majority of members will vote for these amendment proposals, but all members will do so, even if the discussions in committee may suggest toe opposite.
Terrón i Cusí (PSE). - (ES) I do not think I am a cow either, as Mr Nassauer pointed out about my colleague, Mr Schulz.
Nor do I understand why it should be necessary for ECHO and the Commission to advertise themselves, bad advertisements at that and I would like to know how much EU money or ECHO money is being used on such advertising.
The preparatory meetings of the Member States and the Commission at which agreement is reached on the EU's position are, however, entirely closed to NGOs.
Une application is published if there ace no and if the applicant does not withdraw his application absolute qrounds for refusal and if notification of after taking note of the search reports.
No one would beUeve our læk of interest in putting right the errors that we ourselves have listed.
Has toe European ParUament not exercised particular vigilance?
In its communication the Commission certainly awards very high marks to the three new Member States, in terms of both the extent to which the programmes have been implemented and the extent to which the relevant funds have been used.
Visit to DUS trials and informal meeting on GMO procedures with the person responsible for releases in the Netherlands. • 13-19 July 1998
I think this is a very important issue.
Furthermore,' in large, sparsely-populated countries the post services must access all regions and all citizens on as equal a basis as possible.
May I also remind you that in the decision of the European Parliament and the CouncU of 23 October 1995, which called for 1996 to be the European year of lifelong education and training, the subjects for that manifestation included promoting professional training which ensured that all young people could acquire qualifications and promoting continued education and training.
In 1993. the International Maritime Organisation, the IMO. proceeded with a revision of this Convention by adopting the Torremolinos Protocol.
KEY FIGURES FOR THE TRANSLATION CENTRE, 1995-1998
The second issue is that of buildings.
Many of the suggestions proposed in the report by Mrs Kestelijn-Sierens for the Committee on Women's Rights are very constructive and very useful to us, and we will try to take them into account as much as possible in preparing the next report.
Firstly, it must be realized that horizontal agreements between SMUs often serve to strengthen their dominant vertical position and to enable them to survive the increas­ing struggle of competition.
While emphasizing and recalling the effects of certain aspects of multilateral controls on fishing fleets, we have to say that we have some doubts about the proposal, albeit with limits on quantity, on access by trawlers to Senegalese fishing stocks located within the twelve mile zone.
(The President declared the common position adopted)
Member of Parliament for Hamilton (1967-1970) and for Moray and Nairn (1974-1979).
Adjournment of the session
The existing provisions and existing practices thus suggest toat crises such as toe BSE affair can be absorbed perfectly well.
(The sitting was suspended at 3.25 p.m. and resumed at 6 p.m.)
I asked the President to check with the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in Geneva as to whether in its fifty­third session it did in fact make the condemnation that Mr Moorhouse's text purports.
It is, however, also true that the marked increased in the volume of road transport is behind the increase in problems linked to road safety and environmental protection. Therefore, we must react as quickly as possible, especially since a major reduction in road transport is scarcely imaginable in the future.
The most interesting aspect, however, is that of coopera­tion with developing countries, which Michel Rocard ' deals with in his report.
(B4-0506/97) by Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz, on behalf of the V Group, on international trade in endangered species;
Please remember: 16 and 17 June represent an important stage, of course, the stage at which you had hoped to conclude these negotiations.
Therefore the country at the receiving end either says nothing, in which case it cannot be exported, or it says Yes, in which case it can, or it says No, in which case it cannot.
This wUl probably also mean that what Mr Adam said wUl become increasingly the case, in other words, that in this type of cooperation too, the accent will be placed more on technology development programmes.
Debates of the European Parliament
The service concerned will study this matter and I shall then give yoi a full answer as soon as I can.
Instead of this rapid introduction of effective measures, the Committee pro poses as the main objective the establishment of a single customs service operating within a European framework.
B4-0774/97 by Mr Swoboda and others, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina;
It believes toat these sales are incompatible with toe principles of completing toe internal market.
The members would particularly like to thank Mr Jaak Vandemeulebroucke, Member of the Committee, who was unable to attend, and Mr Bart Staes of the ARE Group secretariat who organised the visit, in collaboration with the Port of Antwerp Promotion Association.
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission submits a proposal to the European Parliament and the Council which it may modify as long as it has not been adopted.
It is also crucial to press the Ethiopian Government to release the political prisoners and prisoners of conscience and take steps to conect the procedures of an unjust legal system.
Secondly, bearing in mind the importance of the contribution made by the SMEs in terms of employment, the emphasis placed on these enterprises goes well beyond the aspect of training alone.
In Sweden and Finland for example two thirds of schools have access to the Internet while the figure is fewer than 2 percent of schools in Germany. This is something which we must bear in mind when we are discussing these issues.
This programme has now been promoted to regulation rank and I welcome that. A more operational approach has now been taken on project eligibility.
Political secretary to Minister of Agriculture and Forestry.
Vicechairman of the supervisory board (since 1988).
Stasi (PPE). - (FR) Mr President, if there is any country in the world which the European Union should help then it is Cambodia, for at least two reasons.
Rule 66Referral to and procedure in the committee responsible
In January, we agreed that you would present us with a report, and you told me yesterday evening that you intended to do so next year.
Does it consider it necessary, as part of the reform of the Treaties, to contemplate the possibility of its being empowered to impose financial sanctions on Member States which, for whatever reason, prevent or hinder the completion of the internal market?
We reject the extraterritorial provisions of current Canadian fishery legislation and in conclusion can I say....
It will be neces­sary to undertake the new tasks that will be put before us here tomorrow, when the major report on Agenda 2000 is presented, by reallocating tasks and reordering priorities, and hence also by redistributing personnel, and not simply by popping into the great European supermarket to pick up some new posts.
The Lomé Agreement is subject to a WTO exemption only until February 2000.
Each activity will use the resources available to contribute towards the planned outcome.
Topical and urgent debate - Helms-Burton Act
In neither place, however, would Eu rope be the loser, because we are certain that you will sustain your vigour and your progressive sense of purpose in all roles.
The procedure for recruitment via an open compeition is set out in Article 29 and Annex III of the Staff Regulations.
In that way we can do away with borders in the fullest sense of the word.
For nonmanual workers the difference in earnings between women and men is even greater.
The committee supports the principle of today's working party with regard to future maritime systems and strongly urges that this be extended to the fifth framework pro gramme as well.
Answer
In all honesty I think too, and I should appreciate an answer on this, that it is necessary and I hope there is the will for that in the European Commission, that special aid should be given to that end to women's organizations in the Central and Eastern European countries which are prepared to help to get these thing achieved.
• The active pursuit and prosecution of offenders by enforcement bodies.
Hearing of 14.10.96: Witnesses on these subjects comprised representatives of Canon Svenska (optical cards) and Mr Banerjee of Card Dynamics Ltd (smart cards)
That is how I understood the answer.
Secondly, this particular closure raises a number of impor­tant issues of European Community policy.
It is not so easy to be rational and to try to achieve something.
We all agree that the PHARE programme must now be directed at and concentrated on preparing the partner states for accession to the EU.
Former Senator and Minister of State.
Indeed, the Commission has already done a great deal of work in an effort to resolve this problem.
The regulation does indeed say that it should be possible to identify genetic modifications, and techniques for detection are being developed all the time.
The creation of a European civil peace corps is an important project in this context, and it will need us to exercise all our political, financial and material power.
We are also keenly interested in the idea of strengthening aid to disadvantaged urban areas, on condition of course that such aid is not made subject to a criterion of GDP per inhabitant. The ravages of unemployment and exclusion are not confined to the poorest regions.
However, heavily taxed goods such as cigarenes, alcohol, perfumeries, and restitution goods-as butter, meet etc. would be typical of the kinds of articles Involved in fraud.
We are either going to have a very long series of derogations indeed in relation to existing environmental legislation, or we are going to have a situation where new Member States accept the existing bulk of legislation - the socalled acquis communautaire - and then do not do anything about it.
The mandataire, Mr Louis Van Eylen, not being appointed by the Council of the European Union did not have the power to fill this gap.
June 1997: signing of the Treaty of Amsterdam which strengthened and extended the powers of the European Parliament.
The European People's Party will also vote for the removal of the third paragraph of Article 12, and the corresponding one in recital 20, since we do not think it right to have a distinction here between the way in which the legitimate interests of natural and corporate persons are treated and protected.
Oreja Aguirre, Member of the Commission. - (ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I must say how sorry I am that implacably strict time limits prevented us hearing Mrs Carrère d'Encausse, the undisputed authority on the issues in this region.
Compared with most national ombudsmen, the European Ombudsman has received an unusually high proportion (nearly 80%) of inadmissible complaints.
Contents
In fact, something like two-thirds of worldwide fish stocks are estimated to be overexploited.
By voting in the European elections, the citizens of Europe take a direct part in the running of the European Union, which plays an ever-increasing role in our daily lives.
Honorary lieutenant of the reserve.
In accordance with the Amsterdam conclusions, we must progress towards clarity and simplification.
It is only right and proper for me to mention that here.
ports the application of a stricter conditionality clause to all parts.
A delay resulting from the French Government's insistence on renegotiating or reviewing the Stability Pact rules could change the political atmosphere and this would not be good for Europe.
Do not think, however, that I am blind to everything that is wrong about Indonesia.
Ahlqvist, Theorin and Wibe makes a plea for a 'monitoring system at Community level' and so on.
ESTABLISHMENT PLAN 1995 1996 and 1997
Answer
Tillich and the Council - must reach agreement.
CONTRIBUTION BY THE FREIGHT TRANSPORT ASSOCIATION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT COMMUTEE OF INQUIRY ON FRAUD IN TRANSIT
Mr Dell'Alba, Mr Cars and Mr Pettinari have mentioned toe problem of toe death penalty.
However, it was not mentioned in the Minutes of these roll­call votes.
German unity, which was only possible with the assent of the Member States of what was then the European Community, has given us Germans the chance to see what belongs together come together again, as a former Member of this House, Willy Brandt, put it in 1989.
The report and Mr Tones Couto's excellent speech high­light, among other things, the brake which high taxes on enterprise represent, not least for transfers.
These three domains are often intertwined.
Telecommunications technology provides new opportunities for bring ing cultural heritage to a mass public dimension and, furthermore, raising the status of cultural heritage.
That is a disgrace and we need coordinated action to tackle the problem.
It makes only minor refinements to the Commission's proposals, and we should especially thank the rapporteur, for her work.
Camisón Asensio (PPE). - (ES) Commissioner, I must insist on the attacks against Spanish farmers when their fruit and vegetables are being transported through south ern France.
The first is Amendment 1 of the Group of the European Radical Alliance, which I would like to withdraw.
A significant degree of success is claimed for the system: Mrs Nepperus mentioned, as an example, the fact that of the 14 containers stopped for physical checks in the Delta container terminal in Rotterdam on the day that the Committee on Budgetary Control visited, half showed irregularities of one sort or another.
My Group therefore cannot support recitals A, D and F. If the amendments tabled by the Liberal Group on these paragraphs are not approved, we shall then be forced to vote against the whole report.
I and others have been pressing for five years at least for European law to be made a compulsory part of the syllabus at all Europe's law faculties.
The reports all deal with what the Com mission has done together with Parliament to date and then examine the new aspects being proposed here, i.e., the action programme, the special possibilities we have identified for schools, for education in general, and many other aspects.
There is some concern that this is going to lead to vast reams of paper being produced.
Too often and for too long we adopted a childish attitude aimed at sharing our powers - who could do what in the Middle East.
Vandemeulebroucke (ARE). ­ (NL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, we have all received the four volumes detailing everything which is going wrong. Go­ing wrong in the Community transit system.
On top of that a national reserve could be adopted to facilitate adjustment and access to produc tion quotas.
The geographical and administrative outcome of all this is that the European Union is a heterogeneous area that is difficult to keep under control.
The haulier thus provides a comprehensive service, and will recover the costs of the guarantee through his freight tariffs.
Santini (UPE). - (IT) Mr President, I will forego more than half of my time to help ensure that the vote takes place this morning.
The idea that men can only make a choice because a woman discloses a bit of epidermis does, I think, make the male the ridiculous figure.
Also Involved in the campaigns 'No to Nuclear Power' and 'No to the EÚ'.
"In some countries customs services have full police powers of investigation and arrest, in other countries they do not have those powers and rely entirely on the police agencies to carry out the hard end of enforcement work. ...
SOCRATES has given a tremendous boost to the mobility and exchanges of students, teachers and assistants, as well as the creation of cooperation networks.
This is nevertheless what toe Medina Ortega report does: from toe crushing verification it ascertains, it draws paradoxical proposals.
So I ask that this report should be dealt with today, as intended.
•Goepel (PPE). ­ (DE) Madam President an old proverb tells us that every cloud has a silver lining, and today's silver lining comes in toe shape of these three reports.
(The sitting was suspended at 1.30 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
In fact, the green tariff is higher than the customs tariff.
Normality wUl only be restored when European citizens are confident that such a crisis will never be repeated. This can only be achieved when effective legislation and controls are put in place to aUow swift action to be taken should a risk to public health ever appear.
Since not all the participating countries had yet completed the experimental calculations necessary to arrive at a method for calculating the costs of the DUS tests, it was therefore impossible to submit a proposal to the Council for approval.
First, that the dictator Mobutu should leave the stage; secondly, that an interim government should be set up which is broadly accepted and which will accept international mediation to set the country on the road to democracy and free elections; and, thirdly, that Kabila and the faction he leads should immediately allow refugees and displaced persons free access to every region of the country.
More and more use is being made of existing and also new technologies.
It is heavily populated by troops on both sides, and a part of Azerbaijani territory is occupied by Armenian troops from Karabakh. The border is the front line, not the internationally recognized frontier, and it would take a single spark to cause the fighting to flare up again.
I should like to thank you for the debate that we have had here today.
Explanations of vote
I am very pleased they are taking that seriously.
Just a few, words, now, Mr President, on the policy pursued within the Commission.
Although we have achieved a degree of protection in administrative law, through the Regulation on Administrative Penalties and on-site Inspections, we are lagging far behind in terms of criminal law.
For the benefit of short term gain we have agreed to take both evolution and future research out of the equation.
The application of electronic intelligence and telematica transferred out of the vehicle are 'proactive' in terms of risk management.
May I wish the Yemeni delegation profitable meetings and an excellent stay in Strasbourg.
When experiments on animals cannot be avoided, they must be carried out in strict compliance with the etiîical and hygienic standards in force in the country where the research takes place.
de Silguy, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, very quickly I wish to thank Mr Christodoulou and Mrs Randzio-Plath for the excellent cooperation and the work carried out together on these two extremely important documents.
Renewable sources, more than fossil fuels, depend on regional circumstances.
Competition there is extremely fierce.
Resumption of the session
Amendments to the proposals of the Conference of Presidents shall beadmissible only if they are tabled by at least twenty-nine Members. Parliament shallvote on such amendments by secret ballot.
Debates of the European Parliament
During that period, there were less than 20 cases of loss, resulting between them in the payment of Skr 629 000 in guarantees.
And toat is completely wrong!
Admittedly, the Com mission has a difficult task: it is being asked to undertake enlargement and reform and to move towards the year 2000 maintaining the same level of resources as fixed at Edinburgh, which may not exceed 1.27 % of gross national product.
We ask you to voice the concerns of our citizens, 20 million of whom are without work in this Europe of ours.
But we must remember that inside the United Kingdom people have lost theh jobs and theh homes and they cannot afford to lose theh hope in this respect and I know that you will join me when we try to do something about that.
•Use sentenced with a fine,or a maximum of two years’imprisonment.•In the application of penalties no distinction is made between drugs.However,Finnish law contains theconcept of ‘very dangerousdrug’,which refers to a narcotic drug which may cause death by overdose orserious damage to health.
Pg: 11 P.11/11 been to fall back on the guarantee principals, i.e. the legitimate trade, to sustain revenues.
The committee voted for this report unanimously and I hope that it will receive a large measure of support in Parliament in order to ensure that our voice is heard loud and clear in the Commission. I would like to hear whether the Commissioner will be making a proposal along the lines suggested.
Debates of the European Parliament
That would be strange and unbelievable!
President - Mr Várela would like to speak on a point of order.
However, it is essentially for the legal reasons mentioned earlier that the Commission has maintained its proposal as it stands, which does not exclude the possibility that the amendments proposed by the European Parliament may be taken into account in due course, when the amended version of the staff regulations is considered in broader terms.
The argument is clear, especially on such an issue, which is criminal from every point of view and where there can be no contrivance: toe health of the citizens cannot be put at risk and cannot be negotiated over.
The death of the patient does not mean that his illness was cured.
They would act as messengers, as it were: they hand over the document, fanfares are sounded, and they go their separate ways.
Guide for applicants
I would ask the Commission to continue with the work it began in 1996 on monitoring the utilization of the Euro pean Social Fund and establishing more systematic relations with the Member States in this area.
3 Forms
0 Deputy member of the North Rhine-Westphalia Land Constitutional Court.
Success equals jobs and on a day when thousands of workers demonstrated outside our Parliament their rightful demand for jobs, this is a positive way to redress the balance and the answer to their demands.
Parliament has an important role in enabling that to happen an it should be targeted in a way that helps the development of a civil society and encourages democracy. We have a programme which encourages, as has been said, support at village level for reform in the right direction.
France has nothing better to offer the Congolese authorities than to apply the socalled 'limited sovereignty' doctrine.
The third question we are currently considering is benchmarking.
Miscellaneous
The approach of Risk Analysis has not been fully and consistently applied and implemented throughout the EU. It Is therefore not possible for the Authorities to make proper allowance for those organisations who have demonstrated a firm resolve to fulfil their responsibilities for revenue compliance.
The introduction and observance of new and better rules in the environment field is, of course, something positive: to achieve and reinforce controls and actions underpinning their respective implementation is something which can only, obviously, be supported.
B4-0098/97 by Mr Dupuis and Mr Dell'Alba, on behalf of the Group of the European Radical Alliance, on the grave human rights violations in western Turkestan (Xinjian);
Union with Turkey does not lead to an increase in toe trafficking of drags from that country, particularly in the light of the involvement of members of toe Turkish Government in this trafficking?
Adopting the principle of precaution, therefore, the Commission has adopted Directive 97/18 of 17 April 1997 which defers from 1 January 1998 to 30 June 2000 the date from which it will become unlawful for ingredients and combinations of ingredients used in the composition of cosmetic products to be tested on animals.
I do not know whether it is for a motion of procedure or for a personal reason, but I noticed that he reacted very strongly.
For a Swede this is unacceptable!
And, secondly, is it at all reasonable to believe that environmental organizations will commit such crimes?
Pimenta feels outraged at the pathetic stage we have reached after all these years.
This initiative and the discussions which followed it resulted in the clarification presented in this report, although this clarification is far from being common knowledge or a commonly accepted feature of jurisdiction in the Member States.
Because it is such a report, it is essential that careful note is taken of its hard-hitting comments.
During the conciliation procedure it sometimes seemed as though the Council believed we were still living in the days of the stagecoach and the money was being carried in cash. It would be most welcome if the banks voluntarily agreed to increase the amount.
Participation and codetermination are important principles. ples.
Three quarters of all payments are to be checked.
There is currently no possibility of direct inquiry.
The terms of reference of the Committee were laid down in the December 1995 decision.
0 Member of the Provincial Executive Committee and the Regional Executive Committee of the PP.
That is just not acceptable.
And secondly, we must make it clear that the extension of the Union's responsibilities, including those under the third pillar which concern people's basic rights, should mean an extension of the powers of the Ombudsman as well.
In addition, Members of Parliament can put written or oral questions to the Commission.
It is important to maintain this trade after all and to have the tools in place to give consent quickly for such exports.
The second question concerned the issue of why the proposal for withdrawal of the aid from the factory has come now.
Luxembourg k» the consequence of the measures is that as a rule enterprises comply with law k» financial penalties, where applied, are generally low and do not act as a deterrent
These are found in four separate paragraphs of exceptions.
On the other hand, in relation to the economic guidelines for 1997, nobody doubts that the European Union is, at this moment in time, facing a challenge which can only be compared with its very birth.
At the conclusion of the codecision procedure, this direc tive was rejected by the European Parliament in March 1995 because the ethical dimension had not been taken sufficient account of.
Wiersma improve infrastructures in the candidate Member States and, first and foremost, for improvements in what I describe as the administrative culture in these countries, an administrative culture which still fails to comply with the standards in the European Union.
The 15 member States and the Community, represented by the Commission, are Contracting Parities to the Bern Convention.
Potential Solution
What I am concerned about is, while Commissioners Flynn and Wulf-Mathies are fiddling with the rales, the dole queues in Sweden and elsewhere are getting longer and longer.
We would also like to mention the failure to apply effective sanctions systems in the Member States, both administratively and judicially.
Higher degree in economics.
enous communities themselves, set up a committee whose task is to propose a resolution to this conflict within 90 days.
In order to speed up tomorrow morning's proceedings, I propose that we now appoint the six tellers.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am very sorry, but we cannot have a debate on it.
Every year, 18 million Tl documents are issued across the EU.
Better understanding and more education needed
It is common knowledge that consumers outside of toe European Union are increasingly aware of health and safety aspects of the products which they buy from us.
It is time, indeed, to be firm and, above all, to show imagination and also to condemn the hypocrisy of certain management circles.
The Harmonization Office draws up a search report relating only to earlier óearch reports on exist¿nq earlier
Damaging the harmony of the European institutions in toat way is unacceptable and deserves censure.
Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1997
Once in Spain, the documents and the goods are presented to the Spanish customs office, in Algeciras for example.
As a Parliament committed to respect for the environment in all its facets, driving development policy forward, concerned about keeping our fishing fleets active and our processing industries regularly supplied, we must continue to support a Community policy of fisheries agreements which has proved its worth both to Member States and third countries.
If we do not want to let the WTO systematically dismantle the Lomé system instrument by instrument then it is high time that the Council at last showed leadership and used its recognized preeminence to define clearly and to defend with determination the broad spheres of common interest such as development, clear and long term direc- . tion, including a set of foreign policy instruments.
Does the Commissioner not believe that ultimately external costs should be charged to all transport operators?
The Parliament's responsibility can not end when the cheque has been posted and the money has been paid; that is a long way from ensuring that Europe's cultural heritage is preserved.
President - The next item is the debate on the report (A4-0237/97) by Mrs Mouskouri, on behalf of the Euro pean Parliament delegation to the Conciliation Committee, on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council Decision establish ing a programme of support, including translation, in the field of books and reading (Ariane) (C4-0294/97-94/0189/COD)).
It also says that such action shall, and I quote, 'be suspended as soon as the reason for its introduction no longer exists'.
A strengthening of the information systems and networks on the islands would break down barriers to education and training.
In particular, the potential for fraud was increased by the requirement that customs controls be carried out on the premises of the exporter and not at the port itself.
The PPE Group will therefore be voting against this motion tabled by Mrs Roth and Mr Ford, because it simply seeks to impose on us here in ParUament an ideological debate on migration poUcy and police cooperation in Europe and beyond, and ultimately threatens to obscure our main concern - and that of the Union - which is to protect human rights.
We have a Treaty but it should not stop there.
There have been killings and woundings.
I have in the explanatory statement described the human rights situation in the country.
medical training base and an official qualification guaran­teeing that training.
I refer to Amendments Nos 1 and 12.
Therefore, I do not know whether it is possible to make that conection now.
We congratulate you on SEM 2000 and MEP 2000.
However, this report is also an opportunity for the Euro pean Parliament, which is the only effective, democratic body able to discuss this issue in European terms and put forward European recommendations.
Commissioner Marin for the swift clarification of the position.
Expenditure relating to building charges for the temporary building, in terms of purchases of office furniture and computer equipment, has also been taken into account.
Another recent project provided new communications for the police through the provision of new radio facilities.
The Commission will notice that one of the amendments in the name of my group calls for a biannual report on the progress of universal service to be made to Parliament.
In plenary session, Members may speak either on their own behalf or as committee rapporteurs or spokesmen for their political groups.
But can he tell me whether the Member States along the route have actually given permission for this transit?
I believe we must look at things as they are.
An interface would also be established with customs allowing official use to be made of the information collected by the Club.
Here too, while forward steps have been taken - the Beijing Conference, the Commission communication -there has been little progress for women in the European Union on average, though of course the level varies depending on the Member State, despite the significant development in the contribution of women and their role, again varying considerably between the different countries. tries.
Another coincidence?
I. Regulation (EEC) No 3528/86 on the protection of the Community's forests against atmospheric pollution (COM(96)0341 - C4-0476/96-96/0185(CNS))
The Commission was very slow to produce the proposal.
Networks can be based on the following models:
For years, I worked with generals in the Dutch Defence Ministry, and I was constantly impressed by the sense of responsibility shown by military leaders, with generals always asking the right questions when the policy of using the military apparatus was being discussed. Just think about this, and about the consequences.
To give an example: just imagine that if the 400 Basque and Gallician vessels were to use those nets the stocks of scombroid species in the Bay of Biscay would be wiped out forthwith.
I am quite certain that, under the Luxembourg Presidency, it will be one of the central planks of the various Councils of Ministers.
Cars (ELDR), in writing. - (SV) I abstained from voting as I oppose all continued EU aid for tobacco growing.
I am grateful to Commissioner Brittan for being here.
During the course of passing the nomination up the cham. the various chain participants will each register their interest in the Bond with Flagship, thereby ensuring them protection under its terms.
It was the people of central and eastern Europe who always held fast to the idea of freedom and human rights, and to the desire to shape their own lives and their own social order. For that, we in the west of Europe owe great respect, profound recognition and sincere thanks to the people of central and eastern Europe.
The complaints that were admissible and based on sufficient grounds were dealt with using the procedure described in the first part of this Report (1.3).
If such things take place in a Europe we would like to regard as a joint Europe and we do not worry about them, then there is something seriously wrong with the very edifice of Eu rope.
The result of this change of method was not only to create a delay but also to introduce a substantial change, since the initial budget of ECU 10 milUon has been reduced to ECU 7 milUon for 1997.
Regional development or regional planning is a new element in the Union's activities. By means of it, an effort is being made to devote attention to environmental aspects on a European scale.
Changes to the way the transit procedure is organized
President - Thank you, Mr Commissioner.
Graduate in law (University of Bologna).
But one thing remains the same. The debate seems to be taking place at about ten minutes to midnight.
It means that Parliament now has considerable influence on European legislation.
Böge (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, perhaps I can ease the pressure somewhat with the PPE Group's motion on the Sturdy report.
In the circumstances there is no other alternative, but we should definitely work in the future to avoid such incidents whereby the Council cynically attempts to take away powers which Parliament has usefully used in the past.
Next, I have two positive comments to make on the report: first, the opening of borders does not increase the danger of terrorist activities, because - as Mrs Reding rightly says -the traditional border controls virtually never result in the arrest of a terrorist; secondly, Mrs Reding pertinently remarks that a great many terrorist acts are organized and financed by certain States.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0222/97) by Mr Rothley, on behalf of the Committee on legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions (COM(95)0661 - C4-0063/96-95/0350(COD)).
Debates of the European Parliament
This has not happened.
Portugal blocked an EU agreement with ASEAN, Spain an agreement with Canada, the United Kingdom opposed a common position on chemical weapons, and Greece blocked the Union's Mediterranean policy.
Certainly, sales promotion measures are necessary.
The report is a move in the right direction, so I have voted for it.
In that respect alone, I have some sympathy with what Mr Le Gallou has just said.
Caudron construction process. No vote should be missing when we come to vote on a European voluntary service!
The importance of this issue and the tragedy of a situation, unchanged for eleven years, and capable of having dramatic repercussions on us all at any time, escapes no-one.
The EU’s assistance in creating a regional strategy for disaster risq reduction in the Western Balqans and Turqey will help combat natural disasters such as fires, floods and earthquaqes, and provide better coordination for coping with the aftermath too.
In fact, when we brought up the issues of minimum social standards and social dumping, many developing countries put the ball back in our court with the accusation that this is the angle we want to deal with the problems from, but in fact what we are doing is nothing more than protectionism.
If the EMU is to win public confidence, this must be done. The explanation must be available, it must be clear and it must be transmitted by a willing media.
We know that we can exercise pressure on the Kenyan Government in coUaboration with others, pressure that can be effective.
The vote on toe motion of censure against the Commission is a political response to toat institution's demonstration of its lack of any sense of political responsibUity.
The areas of cultural variety, quality tourism and employment policy must in future represent a sort of golden triangle in European regional policy.
These are the traps that toe Canadian Govern­ment does not agree are cruel.
I also believe that it is fundamental to insist on the final resolution - there are some essential points.
Soft drugs - other drugs - are to be found everywhere, but heroin directly relates closely to longterm unemployment.
We've seen something of the kind in Belgium: the idea was that virtually all'the interests concerned should be involved in town and coun­try planning policy.
In so doing, we will be able to determine whether the course we have followed in this or other projects is right, not least because, in my view, we do not give the Commission sufficient in-house staff to tackle this kind of programme themselves.
When children no longer think of Europe as 'an organization my country belongs to' but think of Europe as 'my country'. When a Danish child thinks of Mozart as 'one of my country's geniuses', when a Spaniard thinks of Goethe as 'one of my country's philosophers' or when a Greek thinks of Picasso or an English child thinks of Pasteur as 'distinguished figures from my country: Europe'.
During that period, Europe was working to achieve recognition, and it gradually came to be regarded in a favourable light by its citizens.
The importance of this issue and the new area of life we are penetrating, public suspicion of the progress of science and technology, which is sometimes confused with certain doubtful exploits in the area of human procreation, mean that we have to exercise great caution and be considerate of sensitivities.
After all, if we really succeed in activating it, this report can become an observatory of progress in overcoming the difficulties faced by equal opportunities policies.
The Union's aim is to support high-quality, transnational projects in the long term - six months or a year - or the short term - three weeks to three months - thereby enabling young people under 29 who are resident in a Member State to participate in a variety of social, cultural and environmental activities, some of them in third countries.
mentioned that the efforts for employment would continue to have top priority in the Union and Member States.
I would repeat that, if the feeling is that this situation should be changed, it will be changed by the appropriate means, which is via the Committee on the Rules of Procedure.
But we must also appreciate the present situation is fully covered by the two existing directives.
President. - Question No 4 by John Iversen (H-0488/97): Subject: Burma
There is the agreement that human rights principles should be clearly taken into consideration in the Council's political actions and in the Court of Justice's judicial practice, and the acceptance of the anti-discrimination clause.
It is in this spirit that we are presenting you with our Agenda 2000.
Secondly, nowadays who needs cold-war organizations such as NATO and the Western European Union and their enlargement?
Anyone else can give it to me in writing.
Reproduction authorized, in whole or in part, provided the source is acknowledged.
This should in principle be decided and put into effect by all the social partners in the labour-market and by individual Member States.
One may perhaps dare to imagine a light at the end of the tunnel, but the journey there wUl not be smooth.
The mutual benefit is assured by making fishing by local and European fleets complementary activities.
Visit of harbour installations by launch: presentation on board in regard to cigarette fraud
The Tomlinson report also proposes that funds be set aside for political parties at European level.
Consequently, the introduction of new requirements in terms of construction, safety equipment and on-board procedures, has had to be the subject of particular attention.
I shall not prejudice that and, of course, it in no way encroaches on Parliament's right to set its own timetable.
If a Member State chooses to examine such an application for asylum, the Council of Ministers must be informed, and the application shall always be assumed to be manifestly unfounded.
There should be no buüding work, no new intifada by the Palestinians and no declaration of a Palestinian State, since these aU undermine the agreements.
John Tomlinson on hearing in Copenhagen 29 April 1996 (English only)
The citizens must come to realise that unity in diversity, based on common roots, is certainly a rich source of the stimuli and creativity that make the European Union such a splendid cultural, economic and socio­poUtical venture.
An overall estimate comes to - do not be afraid - some 600,000 extra hectares which comes to hundreds of millions of extra ECU.
Rule 31Allocation of seats in the chamber
Former executive director of SATA-Air Azores.
Gradin. - (SV) Let me once again sum up the Amsterdam Treaty's Asylum Protocol.
The information society
Coordinator, Harlow Council for Voluntary Service (1982-1986).
GONAL- F® should not be administered as a mixture with other drugs in the same injection.
"It [the 100% guarantee] has not eliminated fraud, it has simply created a monster called smuggling."10
Sarlis (PPE). - (EL) Madam President, I applaud the report by Mr Katiforis. More specifically, the points he raises in the motion for a resolution are ones that I agree with.
This means that we may have many hopes, but also must have many fears, and that in any case we must be very vigilant.
The Alleanza Nazionale is conscious of the external, but also internal, dangers of this situation, should it persist, and hopes the European Parliament will take the initiative to call a conference to bring the parties involved - the Union, the Maghreb countries, the CSCE - together.
Question No 88 by Vassilis Ephremidis (H-0188/97) Subject: Conservation of the historic Plaka bridge in Epirus
Pat Cox Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reformist Party (ELDR)
Novel foods (which are no longer equivalent to existing products) and 'genetically modified' foods must be 'labelled' to provide consumers in the European Union with as detailed information as possible.
The first is ethical, based not on cheap sentiment, but on the conviction that man is God's unique creation and thus cannot, either in whole or in part, be called a human invention.
Debates of the European Parliament
A new focus to EU assistance for enlargement
Considerable simplification is needed, along with timely advice and guidance from the Commission.
On this subject, you have carried out important and effective work and I should like to thank Mr Funk, Mr Baldarelli and Mr Sturdy for their excellent contributions.
THE CHOICE OF A SIGN
That is how you set different kinds of people living on the same soil against each other.
Budgetary session means all the documents relating to the budget.
Resumption of the session
On the contrary, it is another incentive to wait no longer, to move from now on into concrete action.
However, the legal situation of the tobacco monopoly pursuant to Law 38/1985 of 22 November 1985 is that imports by wholesalers of tobacco originating, or released for free circulation, in the EC Member States have been liberalized, although the statutory requirements must be fulfilled.
Following the creation, duplication and transmission of the necessary databases to all those awarded the new contracts and once the technical problems initially encountered had been resolved, the translation of Community trademarks entered into a more structured and predictable phase.
And this is not an efficient way to allocate resources; that is why the single currency is a further incentive to introduce at least some coordination of taxation on capital.
We have, on the other hand, been very involved in the area of training.
Debates of the European Parliament
The national State now plays in the new dominant ideology the role that used to be attributed to the class enemy in the ideology immediately before it.
If this does not happen, then we shall be forced to vote against the report as a whole, which we should very much regret.
We must create a new enterprise culture, create a culture of professional integration and employability, promote and encourage a capacity to adapt and, finally, strengthen equal opportunities policy.
Ladies and gentlemen, voluntary action has now been turned into one of the basic instruments of action in social areas in civilian society.
Former chairman of the Second Chamber's Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I should be grateful for an answer on this point.
Instead it repeats the traditional proposals from the Parliamentary majority of increased power for their own institutions, despite the obvious lack of popular and democratic legitimacy.
Pack (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the situation in Albania is extremely difficult, as we have just heard.
Sometimes we win, or we gain a little time. For somatotropin, for hormone milk, the codex alimentarius has granted us one extra year.
Lambraki (PSE). - (EL) Mr President, I am sorry but I do not entirely agree with the Commissioner because, as a passenger, I have experienced distortion of the regulation.
In some other Member States evaluations are made only under special circumstances or by way of an experiment (Spain, Finland, Germany).
As regards implementation, it is appropriate to say that there is an alarming degree of underimplementation of the budget varying according to the various funds, objectives and States.
Tomlinson (PSE), rapporteur. ­ Mr President, the guide­lines motion for the 1998 budgetary procedure for the other institutions is very clear.
By this is meant an economically high-performance public service, which is both a key factor in land-use planning, and provides a minimum level of service quality to our citizens.
Vandemeulebroucke (ARE). - (NL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, ten days ago more than 3000 workers fell victim to capitalist terrorism.
For European Union problems there must be European Union solutions and here I would emphasize that coastal erosion is a particularly important problem in Ireland.
As I say in my report, the Union's cohesion policies can actually have a prejudicial effect on the environment in some cases.
That could be a good omen for the IGC, which is why this trend now needs to be reflected by positive action. I know you share my conviction: if we finally equip ourselves with the weapons to fight this war, Europeans will take notice.
I shall gladly read out, for everyone's information, the last two paragraphs of the minutes of the Bureau meeting - although, as everyone knows, the Bureau minutes are a public document which is distributed to all Members.
I cannot go into all the aspects in the time available and wiU confine myself to one observation.
Indeed, whether one likes it or not, they are not merely one half of the population, they are also closer to its citizens, they know the education system much better, they may look after their children, etc.
The vote wUl be taken tomorrow at 9 a.m.
Debates of the European Parliament
This problem greatly conditioned the responses the Member States were able to provide to the Committee's questionnaire.
Flexibility seems above all to offer opportunities within the JAI pillar, such that its intergovernmental character is preserved. We must pay particular attention to the EC pillar.
We therefore have a basic disagreement, but my reference concerns toe question of procedure which has led to toe vote which will be held.
I consider it vital that the Commission should carry out an urgent study of developments regarding the ratio of workers to pensioners which is evolving very unfavour­ably and with unforeseeable social consequences.
The chapter on forests, with its fourth paragraph request ing a follow-up by the intergovernmental panel on forests, has just been left aside.
There is also strong criticism of the British Government.
In many instances, moreover, documentation was not returned at all and had to be chased up.
06.02.1953 Teacher United Kingdom Lab. MEP: 25.07.1989 PSE
At the sitting of 13 December 1996, Parliament referred the report by Mrs Izquierdo Rojo on technical measures for the conservation of. fishery resources (A4­0409/96) back to committee, pursuant to paragraph 3 of Rule 59 of the Rules of Procedure.
Cassidy (PPE). - Mr President, naturally I join in the chorus of praise for the efforts of the rapporteur.
Not to speak for too long, and as the Commissioner will be present at the Council negotiations, I would like to give him a little advice.
All of them, in their own way, reaffirm the antifarmer, anti-social, anti-economic and inhumane character of the Community's agricultural policy.
We create an internal market for gas and electricity.
The beneficiaries of the fraud, generally associated with organised crime, are of course the ultimate consignees of the goods.
If a similar competition were to be held now, as it shortly will be, the number of applicants from all 15 Member States would no doubt be substantiaUy larger, yet at the same time toe number of new jobs wiU be significantly smaller, because of budget ary constraints.
* such estimates are usually made by the social insurance organisations » social costs of accidents and diseases are included every year in the annual national social budget
I should hope, for example, that the European Union and Commissioner Flynn will take action on this matter and step up cooperation for example with the Council of Europe, thus enabling the European Union and the Council of Europe to combine their resources to this end.
I want to make it clear that my group recognizes and welcomes the advances which the Amsterdam Treaty has brought in dealing with a people's Europe.
It is scandalous for an undertaking to receive Community and national aid without giving anything in return, fór example a commitment to remain on a site for at least ten years.
ROLE: informalpolicy- making body.EU status: observer.
That is why we need a system of international competition that will help to make fair international trade a reality.
It has just emerged that the Commission is requiring independent researchers and experts to give a written assurance that if toe Commission sends them to discuss EMU at various events organized by citizens, the experts should undertake to speak only in accordance with toe Commission's line. I consider tois very dangerous.
The President knows the problem very well.
Our National Assembly has just adopted in second reading an immigration bill providing that any foreigner who leaves French territory must hand in his residence permit to the police services.
We shall therefore be voting for this report, because overall we think that it is a step towards dealing with this subject properly and responsibly.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
Mr Kellett-Bowman's second gift is a paean of praise for borders - in the present case, customs borders, criminal law borders and health borders, too.
That is why it is so easy to find political consensus on them.
So I think the moment has come, with these questions, with this debate, but above all faced with the appointments which await us - the ratification of the conventions, but most of all the Intergovernmental Conference and then the opportunity offered us by the corpus iuris - for a great qualitative leap.
But this Parliament has the obligation to keep public opinion and the citizens informed about what we are doing.
Wynn mittees giving an input into that guideline you are bound to end up with something far more than the short, succinct document we all wanted.
On behalf of the Greens I should Uke to move refenal back to Committee under Rule 129, on the following grounds: we have just accepted Amendment No 22 by the Green Party.
There was not a consensus and I hope these questions wiU be resolved by the operation of this programme.
Companies will therefore find themselves in a familiar environment, just on a larger scale.
The latter wants to preserve and even increase its democratic powers, something often taken badly by the national parliaments, which are afraid of losing even more of their own powers.
And when a political point is made, I, as a politician to my bone manow, respond politically.
It demonstrates that impenetrable Euro pean and national bureaucracies can be forced to become more transparent.
We believe young farmers should have an opportunity to enter the market and, above all, achieve a turnover which no longer exists in the agricultural sector.
Today we have a new Commission text which, in general terms, draws together our earlier concerns.
It is a very com­plex country with some 55 million people, including no fewer than 76 ethnic groups, speaking 286 languages.
On agriculture, growth in expenditure can only be limited to 0.5 % if the Commission proposal to cut per hectare aid for cereal producers is adopted.
Two-thirds of it is used on passive income maintenance measures.
of that framework programme is cooperation with nonmember countries and international organizations in the field of research and technological development within the socalled INCO Programme.
Lindholm terms of equality of treatment. It is vitally important to provide a progressive legal model in this matter for several reasons, two of which I would like to consider.
THE NEED FOR STANDARD PROCEDURES
It has concluded agreements with shipping companies which allow it to examine the manifests of incoming vessels before they arrive in order effectively to target controls.
The Commissioner will realise that some of the poorest re gions in the Union, such as Corsica or the Azores are indeed island regions.
So I hope that it will be possible to give reassurance in that way.
The inference is obvious: we need harmonization, as the rapporteur himself concludes.
And this is not because there have been no problems.
However, we realize that negotiation is not anticipated, but simply the production of a report.
Lambrias (PPE). ­ (EL) Mr. President, first of all, while congratulating the President­in­Office of the Council for the clear way in which he presented the Luxembourg Presidency's programme, I would like to remind him that ■ it was Mr Poos himself who, in the same capacity six years ago, advocated with equal clarity the need for a solution to the Cyprus problem.
This means, of course, that our efforts must be centred on bringing about an agricultural sector based on sustainability and on production methods best suited to each type of animal.
We recognize and accept that in the light of experience it is possible to establish a classification commensurate with the identified risks involved for each release of GMOs.
The fact that advertisements, also known as commercial communication, are to be regulated at EU level is bad for consumers.
As a result I am able also to vote for Amendments Nos 4 and 12.
The cancelled appropriations are due to actual expenditure being lower than that initially forecast for publications, telephone charges, the services of computer staff and meeting expenses.
0 Member of the Lower Rhine SPD District Executive Committee.
Mr President let us hope we do not find Kabila makes us miss Mobutu.
It does not encroach in any way at aU.
The Commission is responsible for implementing the programme and for coordinating it with the other programmes of the Community.
It is not true!
It is irresponsible because this was referred to Parliament on 10 January this year.
For our own part, we must place much emphasis in the assistance we are giving on ensuring that the proper framework is established, in particular in relation to banking and the finance sectors.
Mr Balfe and Mr Ribeiro have thus obtained an absolute majority of the votes cast.
I particularly welcome the Commission's promise to make a statement to the House on Article 14 of the decision.
Those amendments were adopted in committee, and as a result we are completely satisfied with the report in the form presented to the House today.
Debates of the European Parliament
Percentages ranged from 0.4 to 4.0.
But I would like to thank everybody for staying on this evening, especially the interpreters and, obviously, the Commissioner, as well as fellow speakers.
I only hope that the Council will do the same, by the latest at its meeting tomorrow morning.
It is these very barriers that mean high costs for the individual entrepreneur and reduce his competitiveness.
The most important area in which improvements are needed, however, is the budget for education programmes.
One of the conditions for this is a good training system for PE teachers and sports coaches.
to figures relating to the funding of a Community programme.
The body must then inform the Ombudsman within three months about the measures it intends to take.
We also know that the report glosses over the problems involved here, e.g. the question of subsidies from public funds, the question of the potential risks of nuclear power stations that are ostensibly running normally.
United Kingdom
primarily in the fuU implementation of the actions fore seen by the Baltic Sea Convention and the programmes of the Helsinki Commission, in particular, its updated Joint Comprehensive Environmental Action Programme, the adherence to Union environmental standards and the appropriate assistance from the Union and other sources, but especially from the countries concerned.
Patijn, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) Mr President, I would answer Mrs Ulla Sandbaek's question as foUows.
So, for instance theft is fraud.
Some time later, one of those former prisoners fled to Europe where his status as a political refugee was called into question.
Debates of the European Parliament
And for that, we particularly need the social partners.
I also wish to say very clearly to Mr Macartney - in case he is worried - that there was no stitch-up between the British Government and the Ulster Unionists before the Council meeting!
Trade opportunities
Excipients: sucrose, sodium dihydrogen phosphate, disodium hydrogen phosphate, phosphoric acid, sodium hydroxide.
It mainly concerns the road transit systems, TIR and Tl.
Debates of toe European Parliament
We cannot call on EU enterprises to observe the eco-audit directive while we ourselves sidestep it in the case of our own buildings and our own approach to paper and the environment.
Might not the best way to revitalize the economy in Europe be a process of demographic revitalization, which is a matter of political will and intellectual reform?
In the Association's view there was not enough knowledge of the problems resulting from the establishment of the single market, either on the part of the politicians or on the part of the team of officials in the Commission.
You must harness the driving force which Lux­embourg has always been, Mr President-in-Office and Mr President of the Commission, and it must do all it can to ensure that the Union emerges strengthened from the difficult negotiations which lie ahead.
The amendment tabled by Mr Jarzembowski contradicts Amendment No 25, which was also tabled by Mr Jarzembowski.
Therefore it looks hopeful that a real financial effort may finally be made in this area, to back up initial statements about the importance of culture.
Marinho (PSE), in writing. - (PT) I cannot vote in favour of this resolution because of the paragraphs on reinforced cooperation.
The Helsinki Commission has a programme for action to reduce nutrient loads.
I have openly criticized the Council's attitude, Madam Commissioner.
The power of the purse
I noted with satisfaction that Mrs. Reding, together with many other speakers in this assembly, is urging Member States to ratify the Europol Convention as soon as possible.
On numerous occasions, the Committee has heard complaints that the customs services of other Member States were less rigorous in their controls and less dynamic in their investigations.
Tempus projects are run by consortia of universities, institutions, industries and companies.
A new exchange-rate mechanism is being set up to link their currencies to the euro.
0 Author of many essays and articles for journals and books, par­ticularly on foreign and social policy.
The latter area is particularly important in Rotterdam, with, the delegation was informed, nearly half (44%) of goods passing through Rotterdam being forwarded under the Community transit regime.
Nothing is more basic than food and energy; and it would capture the public imagination in every single one of our Member States.
OF THE
In the face of such serious responsibilities, I believe that the only instrument of control available to Parliament is a vote of censure.
In doing so, we should make every effort to encourage the developing regional structures such as the Council of Baltic Sea States - as Mr Burenstam Linder just said - HELCOM, in the sector of environment policy, and other initiatives of a regional character.
(2) persons who there are serious grounds under national law for believing will commit criminal offences for which Europol is competent under Article 2 of the Convention,
I did and made no progress in the Council.
There is the continued role the armed forces play, the need for a guarantee of independence for the judiciary etc.
In some Member States private insurance companies under public supervision (semi-public) are responsible for these insurances.
This decision of the Bureau raises several issues.
The one makes it possible, and the other makes it necessary to produce new products or modify traditional ones, while consumers are less and less able to know what it is that they are eating or drinking.
What matters, I believe, is the result.
I also ask for your support regarding the position he maintains on the amend ments.
Anthurium Schott, (pot)
Debates of the European Parliament
This is not a question of imposing safety standards on packages but providing necessary information to Community port authorities in respect of goods being transported, adopting technical appendices and altering the activities of the relevant Community committee in order to up-date Com munity legislation and bring it in line with international standards.
Parliament believes it is not, otherwise everything wiU remain subject to government negotiation.
Animal-based meal was used as feed up to 1995.
What measures will the Commission take to improve animal protection and to restrict and control the use of antibiotics?
For trucks 24 volts version.
0 Officer of the Order of Orange Nassau.
My group considers it particularly important that the European ParUament wiU in future be involved fully in any major changes to the directive.
But we also know that various projects have had to be discontinued or could not even start at all, because political conditions were not met and because money was only to be given to those who fully respected the peace agreement.
I expect that the publication of the 1996 annual report will take place before the end of 1997.
Some of the proposals debated entail a denaturing of the spirit of the Treaties.
Today more than ever, we have to realise that this advertising message is planned, conceived and broad cast to seduce, to be assimilated, to make millions of people react in a specific way.
Sjöstedt (GUE/NGL). - (SV) I would like to thank the Commissioner warmly for her answer, in particular for her personal observation on her view of this protocol, which I fully share, and her opinion that what has happened in the Amsterdam Treaty is unfortunate. I also think it is impor
I want first of all to take toe case of toe beef storage in heland.
We should in every way encourage the creation of independent European research institutes to analyse the content of products and services and their features.
Former Chairman of the Institute for Ibero-America Cooperation.
Greater security in the use of such stamps through the introduction of strict procedures to restrict access thereto.
The Court of Justice is the institution which interprets the legal side of European Union business, particularly with regard to the way the Treaties and Union legislation are applied.
Veterinary medicine residues in food
President - This House is sovereign in all matters that come before it and the House decides what items it puts on its agenda and how to vote on these items.
(GUE / NGL) Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left
No text of a treaty, no conclusion from the European Council, no declaration of intent will create jobs. That requires effective, efficient and tenacious action on a wide front.
On the basis of the principle of subsidiarity, Mr President, Commissioner, I think that we should set under way studies and inquiries on that issue in particular, before agreeing to any proposals - what we need then are initiatives able to identify those proposals that are objectively valid.
Forgive me if I share a personal confidence: I remember that when I started the negotiations for Spain's membership of the European Communities, a central role in that College of Commissioners was played by Commissioner Natali, who was responsible for aU enlargement issues, but he did not have a portfolio.
In view of the extensive changes which are now being proposed, my party will be voting against the Treaty amendments and will also propose that a referendum on them take place in Sweden.
■ Committee on Regional Policy Chair: Miguel Arias Cañete (EPP, E) ι Subcommittee on Security and Disarmament Chair: Jan Willem Bertens (ELDR, NL)
The increase in the numbers of Green Papers and White Papers on various matters in recent years bears that out.
Is that what you consider to be a common market with a level playing field? I would like an answer from you personally.
What means and chances do we the European Union have and what means do you intend to use to ensure that this unlawful Act is also repealed by Congress?
Mr Teverson just refened to the Food and Agriculture Organization. They have also said, in addition to what he said, that 70 % of the world's fish are being harvested near or beyond what is sustainable.
One Parliament for Europe
The Commission submits a proposal to Parliament and Council.
Chairman of the Health Committee of the Thessaloniki Prefectural Council (since 1994).
^Uinion.
Sjöstedt (GUE/NGL). - (SV) Mr President, in its current form the Baiti report is a good one.
The European
The amendments dismiss the application of the principle for reasons I do not share.
In the meantime, the legitimate freight forwarders are faced with a dilemma.
While competition is given high...
We want it to work but at each stage it must keep pace with levels of consumer protection toat match toe sophistication of those who might prey upon toe consumer.
The European Union shall assist, where possible, reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts in the north and east, in particular Jaffna, taking into account the prevailing conditions for successful implementation of reconstruction efforts in the peninsula.'
3 100 workers will lose their jobs, a modern factory that cost 8.5 billion in investment will be put up for auction: this is an intolerable waste.
These are not intended to take over the role of the teacher, a role that will become ever more important with the increasing amount of information made available to students.
All these small growers, who have a low level of technology, only account for 7 % of the Community market, some 850,000 tonnes as against the 2,500 million tonnes offered to the North American multinationals, and all of this is supposedly getting in the way of the giants.
The first battle may have been won, but there is stiU a lot of work to be done, also for countries that still think that they need anti-personnel mines for their own security.
Question 32 (Kreissl-Dörfler): Support for environmental protection and the land rights of indigenous peoples under the EV-Canada action plan
The underlying aim of our deüberations, ladies and gentlemen, should now be the creation of an absolutely reliable system of data collection.
We must at least define toe place where individual regulations are going to have to follow.
Debates of the European Parliament
Although codecision is the standard procedure, there are important areas, such as tax matters or the annual farm price review, in which Parliament simply gives an opinion, and where the final decision rests with the Council of Ministers.
As the Amsterdam Treaty is not in force and has not been formally concluded, the Commission believes it would be premature at this stage for it to interpret any provisions of that Treaty.
His experience at the highest political levels over the years in matters European renders his views particu larly important.
Pinheiro mission or ourselves realize to be true, like the case of Mr Mara, and they wUl not be consigned to oblivion.
We wish to highlight the need for practical and effective cooperation respecting freedom - so dearly bought - in those countries.
I should like to begin by warmly congratulating the rapporteur on this thorough report that certainly invites further reflection to which he will contribute, although from a certain distance.
• clear-cut and unambiguous audit of the present situation by customs and other authorities. In the meantime, in order to preserve the transit regime and to facilitate cooperation between all parties,
I can inform you that the Commission has a number of initiatives in mind with a view to helping small and mediumsized enter prises to prepare for the major challenges that lie ahead with regard to the use of the euro and, at the same time, to prepare their relations with the banking system.
There is a lot to be said about that.
Cooperation procedure (two readings)
Where else in the Union is it possible to get a case off the ground without spending huge amounts on legal assistance?
Source: FIT­1996
Under Article 90 of the Rules of Procedure of this House, the Commission is duty bound to consult with us on international agreements.
The quality of these controls has fallen progressively over the last few years.
But we should not, as Mrs McNally has asked in her amendments, put an end to research funding.
I think this is a particularly urgent matter.
Wynn and their democracies actually collapse. This arbitration outcome is essential.
Everyone is in favour of it but everyone means something quite different by it.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism welcomes the fact that the new PACT programme focuses on direct measures.
To suggest in this way, that unemployment in Europe is due to poor government support for companies is an analysis based on new liberal theories and something which we cannot support.
The official gazette
There may be a number of potential solutions, but the following, which has been based on discussions with trade, DG XXI (NCTS) and SGS's own experience in the field, is put forward as a discussion document and as a framework for arriving at a definitive solution.
Why should it cause a problem in our EU institutions?
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of the VLD bureau.
Information from the Spanish authorities indicates that this route represents a return to traditional methods employed before the transit system offered an easier alternative:
It is a rejection of what has so far been an inadequate attempt to harmonize it at European level.
Today not only are we talking about a matter with a title that nobody can understand or really care about, we are also talking about comitology.
Mrs Bjerregaard, Mr Fischler and I have therefore set up a working party to work jointly with environmental experts in define certain key indicators that can be identified fairly easily and then applied.
Although it is true that in some cases such reductions even
I have little to add to the wise words spoken by Mr De Clercq, but I would just like to say following on from my comment on procedure that over the past seven and a half years of international agreements of the kind we are debating today - and far more importantly the GATT agreement - the European Parliament and the European Union have been in very good hands in the Committee on external Economic Relations due to the fact that Mr De Clercq was the chairman of that committee.
The Treaty of Rome, adopted in 1957, gave Parliament only the power to deliver an opinion on a text proposed by the Commission, under the consultation procedure.
Let me remind you of a few essential points.
I assume, however, that Parliament will vigilantly keep track of which organisations are given grants and ensure that there is no question of organisations like the Animal Liberation Front being able to make use of grants at the European level.
The press must be given bæk its voice, because it is being subjected to fundamentalist violence and governmental pressure.
Graefe zu Baringdorf (V). - (DE) Mr President, we have here a particular situation that you have not appreciated, whereby we have interrupted a speech, but Mr Fischler is unable to be present this evening.
S also be financial support for economic development and generation of jobs, adjustment of the education system to the needs of the labour marqet, and reform the public health system.
Finally, it has been proved that minimum profitability is possible within the framework of the 2.5 km limits.
Consortium the group of partners involved in a Tempus project.
Van Lancker (PSE). - (NL) Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to use my two minutes at the end of this debate to look to the future, because with the Commission's communication and the annual report - and I want to thank the Commissioner for them - we have a good set of instruments.
Alavanos (GUE/NGL). - (EL) Mr. President, I ask that the debate on Agenda 2000 should be interrupted pursuant to Rules 102 and 103 of the Rules of Procedure.
Spencer (PPE). - Mr President, it is not a question of playing poütics in this House, it is of seeking improperly to influence a vote, using a piece of street theatre, which I know Mrs Green wiU come to regret.
That was also important in the framework of the unfortunate story of a common resolution in terms of human rights policy over China but, as far as Europe and the United States are concerned, there was excellent cooperation.
The difficulty we face in the discussions about the first reading of the 1998 budget in the next few weeks is that the Luxembourg summit takes place between the first reading of the budget and the second reading of the budget.
The publications produced by the EMCDDA are presented annually in its Publications Catalogue which contains information on how to purchase them throughout the world.
Votes, p. 42 - 10.
♦ presence of the endorsement letters;
Graduate of the National School of Administration.
In other words, the committee could not act as a court of law.
Please answer that question.
Stenmarck example, is 46 %.
We hope that rules will be introduced in the interests of protecting public health, as well as in those of existing and perhaps future professions, not least in conventional medicine.
This must be the practice, it must be objective.
The sooner we can bring these agreements into force, the sooner they can keep their promise.
Titley report (A4-76797) unfortunate fact that the European Parliament is being consulted long after an agreement has come into force.
It is rare that so many Members speak on an issue of concern to us: in this case the future of European social welfare systems, which have many points in common - as previous speakers have pointed out - in the sense that aU the Member States have some kind of state and collective provision for social protection and income support for those citizens who need it most.
The parliamentary proposal before us guarantees budgetary neutrality and thereby strengthens the negotiating position of Parliament.
It says here that we voted three times on deleting the word 'exclusively'. Now it would
Cresson, Member of the Commission. - (FR) I do not think that the fact that we find ourselves today in a still highly unsatisfactory situation has held up development, since the number of demands easily outstrips the possibilities for receiving young people at present.
The Land media institutions in the Federal Republic are going to have to wrap up warmly, and so too are toe public service broadcasters.
The Commission justifies its claim that it was a 'huge international success' (to quote Sir Leon Brittan in his final press statement of 13.12 1996) by constantly citing the agreement in the sphere of informa tion technologies (OTA), the progress in negotiations on telecommunications and the understanding within part of the quad group on customs reductions for spirits and other alcoholic beverages.
The Partnership and Cooperation Agreement with Armenia will serve to underpin the existing close cooperation with the European institutions.
Priorities f or Compact Projects in 1999/2000
Cunent Danish rules on letting are being interpreted by the Danish Ministry of the Environment as no more than 26 plus 4 weeks.
Research plays a vital role in advanced technology and industrial com petitiveness.
The system went astray in a number of cases, particularly when import/export agents unilaterally assumed the responsibility of signing transit declarations, thereby undertaking to present the goods again at the destination whereas this undertaking may only be entered into by the transporter.
But even where doubts exist about the extent to which measures are available for the internal market and auto­matically under 100 A, I would like to remind you, as a second important factor, of the decision we took recently in this Parliament on health protection issues.
But the way to answer that question is to start by learning the lessons of the experiment. Otherwise, what would be the purpose of the laboratory?
Answer
President - The next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance.
At present, the signs are good, in that it is establishing a reputation for serious and effective investigative work, providing an indispensable extra dimension to combatting fraud in Europe.
We believe that through this tiny enrichment of the Treaty it will be possible to adapt common policies so that effective support can be given to the strategic sectors of these regions, such as transport, energy, telecommunications, without harming any of the other vital forms of support which are already being given.
In particular, there are frequent dealings with Directorates-General IX (Personnel and Administration), XIX (Budgets) and XX (Financial Control).
Lamfalussy (EMI), Chairman of the European Monetary Institute. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I cannot answer all of the questions that I have been asked but I shall try to answer the basic question underlying your debate.
Here we recognize a flexible interpretation because a rooted and rigid one would actually make participation impossible in practice, while in any case it must keep to the limits laid down in the said article .128.
When we look at the results of your presidency, I have to say, in any event, that such a balance is not present in the draft treaty.
In spring 1998, when the currencies are selected which are to participate, the European Parliament will be involved and, in reaching its decisions, will take into account the genuine interests of citizens in compliance with the conditions for monetary union.
Amongst other things, a member of a political organization who took part in a colloquium in Brussels was treated very roughly, to put it mildly, on his return home, and in this as in other cases, differing accounts are given as to what happened.
For this reason I have voted against the report.
Nominations
It should also refer to the independence - with the exceptions referred to by Mr Dupuis - and the right to selfdetermination of the Tibetan people.
Considerable progress has been noted as regards the peaceful integration of Eastern Slovenia into Croatia.
b) Provision for risks within companies
And if you read this document, you wiU see that toe Commission has chosen as new priorities - as had never been done before - public services, financial services and the information society, and not products any more.
A4-0052/97 by Mr A.J. Donnelly, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on the communication from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee and the Commit tee of the Regions 'European Automobile Industry 1996' (COM(96)0327 - C40493/96);
President - The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A4-0263/97) on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, concerning the common position of the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Directive on the application of open network provision (ONP) to voice telephony and on universal service for telecommunications in a competitive environment (C4-0256/97-96/0226(COD)) (rapporteur: Mrs Read).
Organic farming is a progressive area, significant of a trend reversal.
It finally turned out that between 1990 and 1994, 37 inspections were carried out in the United Kingdom.
We must also underline that the dismantling of internal border controls must go hand in hand with better protection of our external borders.
In accordance with the principle whereby the responsible party pays, however, it would be logical for each driver to pay in proportion to the risks to which he gives rise. Even so, the method of calculation currently proposed in the Green Paper fails to convince me.
Debates of the European Parliament
I am convinced that the EU can take much of the credit for the positive results achieved in spite of everything.
Such EBRD agreements do not contain a unique set of conditionalities with regard to the shutting down of the least-safe reactors, but range from conditional closure scenarios as in the case of Bulgaria and Lithuania to a sequence of actions to be undertaken by the local parties as in the case of Russia without clearly-formulated closure commitments.
Too little is still done in Europe about teaching socalled foreign languages in school, and not enough is being done to overcome the language barrier by using the technology of the information society.
Title I: Personnel Title Π: Other operating expenditure
I am fundamentally grateful for that, even if parliaments never achieve everything they might wish.
0 Deputy Chairman of the National Front, with responsibility for social affairs.
The encouragement of regional cooperation is also approved by us, as are programmes for exchanges of
Persistent high unemployment is burdening our democratic societies, and at the same time weakening confidence in the European project.
In both the Green Paper and the White Paper on Energy you spoke first of all of competitiveness, of prices, but I think it is more important to concentrate on supply security, which is beginning to be not so clear, Commissioner.
Since the Office is self-financing and consequently receives no subsidy from the Commission, the European Parliament does not exercise influence over the financial affairs of the Office through its powers in relation to the Commission's budget.
The Danish Social Democrats have a positive attitude to an extension of the existing three­month period in which an unemployed person is entitled to seek employment in another Member State.
Bearing in mind the long­term objective and in line with the bottom­up approach, consortia themselves will define the project specific (or short-term) objective.
The aim now is to ensure that the Office is brought up to strength in the course of 1998.
IN THE CHAIR: MR HAARDER Vice-President
I therefore approve this report which must be an opportunity for the European Parliament to express to the Commission the high expectations of European citizens.
Wherever a platform common to the States is enough, there is no need to weigh the procedure down.
Any person called to giveevidence before a temporary committee of inquiry mayclaim the rights they would enjoy if acting as a witness before a tribunalin theircountry of origin.
I will however ask Mrs Schleicher if she will accept an oral addition clarifying that the methods must conform to the norms most recently adopted in the framework of the United Nations convention. tion.
We have been providing assistance in some of the areas where the NDF has been active.
Sport should be thought of not merely as an opportunity for healthy competition; it also contributes towards social integration and personal development in young people, preventing them from being at a social disadvantage.
Responding, Mr Duquesne demurred from this point of view, affirming that the first duty of customs is to prevent, detect and punish fraud.
Fischler these proposals were also received favourably by Parliament, and I am counting on further cooperation in the future, as has indeed been called for.
0 Author of various articles on political science and international relations.
However, the country has demonstrated its desire to move closer to Europe, and with that in mind has instituted a number of reforms which meet the requirements contained in the 'democracy clause' of the partnership agreement.
• for the release to the Ombudsman of documents considered as confidential by Community institutions or bodies or by Member States.
It is of particular importance to the local economy.
In some respects that would mean duplication and generate uncertainty and I am sure that on reflection the House would not want that.
Swiss figures are included, so in 1993 and 1994 these could include Austria, Finland, Norway, Sweden and Iceland, and in 1995 Norway and Iceland only.
As for food aid and humanitarian aid to third countries, we have discussed the extent to which the lines would be taken up and utilized; we have already pointed to the cases where cuts need to be made.
But how can monetary union be achieved unless there is political union first?
Question Ño 56 by Irini Lambraki (H-0292/97)
The Group of the European People's Party welcomes the Commission draft regulation and I would like to congratulate Mr Gonzalez Triviño, the rapporteur, on his work in this regard.
If he fails to do so, a customs debt on importation is incurred pursuant to Article 203(1) of the Code.
Given this attitude of mutual support, therefore - because the problem remains - I would be most grateful if you would give a copy to Parliament and to this Member in particular - so that Parliament and European public opinion in general might.be informed - of the letter you sent to the French minister.
In many parts of the countryside, facilities are often too remote for young people and focus on a single sport.
The time consuming consultations within the Commission and with the Member States are then conducted in a way that the highest environmental standards are assured.
I also come from a country where meat production, and in particular beef production, is an important economic sector, because we export 85 % of our entire production.
This attitude ignores the fundamental duty a customs service to provide a fair and regulated environment for trade and to prevent and contain fraud within that environment.
Has the Commission drawn up a proposal along these lines?
We have also sought to stress that Community legislation should act to limit the costs of crossborder contracts; promote toe use of toe language of the potential client; promote the search for and acquisition of information by one contracting party on the other on toe basis of respect for rules governing personal data; promote the exercise of toe rights of each contracting party in toe Member State of toe other contracting party; promote consumer information and education; guarantee respect for the principle of mutual recognition and ensure that due respect for the regulations of the client's Member State of stay or residence does not hinder effective freedom of movement and competition between financial products.
We are going to have to shoulder our own responsibility.
On the other hand there is the question of financial equilibrium - Mr d'Aboville, or the Mayor of Luçon, was talking about this just now - the financial equilibrium of the sixty fishing undertakings, or the sixty vessels, of the Isle of Yeu, and all the problems that would arise from having to convert the fishing fleets.
·» some calculations of the costs of specific workrelated risks have been made at national, sectoral and enterprise level
1. legal aspectsof the creation, interpretation and application of Community law,including the choiceof legal basis for Community acts;
Thus, toe report states that toe greatest weight of responsibility
Parliament may adopt resolutions on its own initiative, and this enables it to be a political driving force.
It is right to emphasize the importance of a very close relationship between Mediterranean countries, and bilateral agreements between some of them have already been in operation for several years, as a result of which European Union markets are in fact already penetrable.
In summary these conditions are:
I hope I shall not have toe same effect, but I think we can assume that toe market boom we are experiencing will not last, and that one of these days it will start to dip. Now that investors have found out about the stock markets, the way in is often through investment firms.
Debates of the European Parliament
Giving up fiscal sovereignty is tantamount to saying that the smaller, more peripheral States of the Union will no longer have available an important instrument for attract ing investment, wealth, companies and job creation.
What we are talking about, and what today's question hinged on, is, first and foremost, whether we would support the proposal to take special account of the islands' problems in the final declaration of the Intergovernmental Conference, and I gave an affirmative answer to that.
It is dangerous, in the name of ensuring the operation of the internal market and the smooth function and improve ment of competition, to ignore the probable consequences and promote procedures and legal frameworks essentially concerned only with the multiplication of economic activities, the creation of a market and the securing of competi tive investments, which allow dangerous margins for deviation from the control mechanisms and provide no guarantee of respect for ethical imperatives.
The Commission can also accept Amendments Nos 2 and 3 to replace Article 6.2 and 6.3 of the common position. It is important that comprehensive information on the carrier's liability regime is accessible to passengers exactly as Mr Gonzalez Triviño has correctly argued.
SECRETARIAT
Project objective
But what, when there is no alternative?
Former member, Dublin County Council.
As has so rightly been said by the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy, the public authorities, be they regional, national or European, are not the best place to decide on the skills and qualifications required by businesses.
The European Commission intends in particular to strengthen the role of the national authorities, the National Tempus Offices/Tempus Information Points and the European Training Foundation in output dissemination.
of Parliament..............of Court of Justice
It is one's ability to think, to communicate, to arrange facts in a particular configuration and to process information.
Following his revelations concerning relations between the mafia and the security forces in Turkey and the probable involvement of Turkish politicians, the Turkish composer S. Yurtatapan has been anested at Istanbul airport on his return from Germany, having previously helped the only two witnesses in his investigations flee to that country. Mr Yurtatapan is being held in Turkish prisons awaiting trial on the charge of possession of forged passports.
Secondly, because it reveals shortcomings in Com munity legal mechanisms relating to legal protection of the European Community's financial interests.
Travelling to this place each week I have to pass through Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris.
However, the guarantee arrangements of TIR system are radically different from those in Community Transit.
Overall, this has been the case with the agreement that is being proposed to us.
The harmonization envisaged in the new Directive will bring us no nearer to a common convention for the people of this world.
In reply to this question by Mr Ephremidis on the adoption of the final draft of the Constitution of the Republic of Poland, I have to admit that the Council has never had occasion to discuss it. For a very good reason!
The committee asked for an opinion shall communicatethe opinion to thecommittee responsible either orally, through its chairman or draftsman, or in writing.
It is a political question about European solidarity with Member States such as Denmark and Holland and not in fact, strictly speaking, about human rights in China at all.
I am told that it is not an official document.
McCarthy (PSE). ­ Madam President, we are going to object to mat. In fact, the amendment has not been tabled and has not been circulated.
Though impossible to quantify, because of the lamentable absence of reliable statistics in this field, the amount in question certainly runs into several billion ecu over the last five years. While the number of cases may be small in percentage terms, the cumulative losses can be huge.
Then there are the frontier workers.
Blokland (I-EDN). - (NL) Mr President, the Commission's Green Paper on commerce gives a good analysis of the situation in which European commerce finds itself at the moment.
The neutral Member States, those bound by conventions and those abstaining in some areas must therefore also be given the opportunity to integrate into the CFSP.
Fischbach need for the rigour which has guided the Council, and to see the administrative expenditures adopted, if possible, at a single reading.
Today, these problems remain, though in diluted form.
These might be considered to constitute a "T1 + " system.
The Presidency pays tribute to the Commission and its services for their impressive work. It also welcomes the fact that the Commission has clearly shouldered its responsibilities and is submitting to us a project characterized by exemplary farsightedness.
Then the competition policy will help to stimulate investment and create jobs, without prejudice to consumers.
We have nevertheless looked into this possibility and I know that Commissioner Oreja is investigating to what extent a contribution could perhaps be provided for the restoration of damaged art treasures - we all know that the great cathedral in Assisi has also been damaged.
That is why the Commission is obliged to ascertain that Slovakia does not meet the political criterion of Copenhagen, which rules out any opening up of negotiations with that country.
In these circumstances, in my opinion anyone who wants to save on translation costs is motivated by other than budgetary considerations.
Europe is increasingly beginning to dialogue via the Internet; unfortunately the governments of the Member States have some difficulty controlling it, unable to see the illegal and harmful messages sent over the Internet; furthermore, different States use different legal instruments to regulate national security, the protection of minors and human dignity, economic and information security, the protection of privacy and personal reputation, and even the protection of intellectual property.
But what the information society actually can do is to create easier access to what is perhaps at times rather hermetically sealed data. Here we should not reject new tools either.
The Netherlands are taking measures which actually hamper security.
Head of the University Laboratory for Pathological Anatomy (1985).
common rules, given how different the forests are in different parts of the European Union.
The second avenue, in terms of budgetary and taxation policy - again in terms of economic policy in general, in order to head in the direction just indicated - consists in proposing the means for implementing this coordination, via an adaptation of economic decision-taking in a political body to be determined, subjected to a solid democratic control.
Caution is essential in the issues we are discuss ing here since they directly impact the exercise of public liberties and this is why - quite rightly - the intergovernmental method has been chosen for this agreement.
On the one hand we seem to have created a Union in which we can move cows around wherever we like and in whatever condition we like, without being checked, where we can transfer money - as much as we like, for as long as we like and as often as we like and where we like; where we can transport any kind of service
The extent of this fraud pattern is not known, but according to the Dutch fiscal fraud squad this should amount to at least dozens of millions Dutch guilders per year,
This is not an area in which· the European Union has any powers.
Lecturer in the Faculties of Public Law and Politics.
These are grave implications for the future of humanity, and they cannot be shrugged aside, as our rapporteur seeks to do. And so we are opposed to this.
Titley (PSE). - Madam President, I want to address the section on the CFSP.
No one is going to cede major decisionmaking rights to organizations without being sure that social, employment and environmental policies can be implemented in the Union.
Finally, it remains to be seen whether the Council fulfils its obligation to provide information, as it is required to do under this Interinstitutional Agreement.
This, in my view, is the great pool of untapped talent.
Burtone (PPE). ­ (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentle­men, I think that at this point in the debate it is appropriate to stress ­ the rapporteur has done so but I want to re­emphasize it ­ that we are not talking about just any sector.
We have heard and you will hear from Mr Adam how this state of affairs continues to weigh down everyday life in those countries.
Will the European Union be able to intervene the day the euro comes into existence?
According to the Minutes: 'the President suggested Mr Hallam write to the Speaker of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives asking for an explanation of this matter'.
Until now, air carrier passengers insurance protection has depended on the 1929 Warsaw Convention and the Additional Protocols to it, dating back to 1961.
The Scientific Veterinary Committee examined the UK proposals for the Certified Herd Scheme at its plenary meeting of 11 June 1997.
Watts (PSE). - Madam President, very briefly, on a much sadder subject.
In Sweden, the use of meat meal in animal feedingstuffs has been severely restricted and its processing and manufacture subject to very stringent requirements since 1988. Owing to the cases of BSE discovered in Germany, similar measures have now been caUed for there, too.
If there is a technical enor within the services, then that is
But allow me to comment on global maritime transport.
Key Points
Translation: - managerial staff
I am increasingly forming the impression that we are talking less and less about ways in which we can bring greater democracy to our institutions and more and more about what we can do to help ensure that things can be handled flexibly.
The Environment Committee - certainly its SociaUst members - are making tough demands upon the Commission in terms of the information required, the need for the labelUng scheme to be compulsory and cover beef prod ucts as well as beef and toe need for rapid progress to be made in implementing the measures.
Directions
Nonetheless, physical checks remain indispensable.
Parliament which are not legally binding must also be treated seriously.
For all the above areas preference will be given to projects which include:
It would be enough, moreover, to develop priority cooperation in these areas, somewhat along the lines of the Irish solution referred to in paragraph 14.4.2.2. of the report: a much higher degree of systematic cooperation, based, for example, on greater use of intelligence sharing schemes, which would be made possible by the establishment of the 'centralized intelligence office' referred to in paragraph 17.3.2. of the report.
I can folly understand the way he conducted the business this morning given that the Greens had called for a roll-call vote on every paragraph and on every single amendment that was tabled.
Mr Balfe: 313 votes (Applause)
Van Miert, Member of the Commission. - (NL) Mr President I should like to begin by thanking Mrs Lepene-Verrier for her report, and for the positive attitude which it reflects.
I specified the idea of taking on board the various points of view of the Member States.
Building European democracy means affirming the identity of the European Union at the international level with one voice and a common foreign and security policy promoting world peace and the rise of a new international order of democracy and solidarity.
Of course, we shall be supporting the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Environment but we feel that some of the supplementary amendments, which we have retabled, must absolutely be taken into consideration.
Debates of the European Parliament
Thirdly, if we take seriously our work in this Parliament as an overseeing body on state aids and competition policy, we should at least give ourselves two or three weeks to look at this matter and produce a proper report.
The Treaty on European Union has also extended this procedure to cover the uniform electoral law, the Structural Funds and European citizenship.
At present it is not a question of saying what we lack in the Union but of saying where our ethical limits are in the world.
It was a six-year programme.
Either the contractor or a different consortium member from the EU, partner or candidate countries will act on behalf of the consortium as the Coordinator of the Tempus project.
My Group has always opposed this system.
The Commission should monitor and report to Parliament on the development of national customs services.
What we keep being promised should finally be done, i.e., where difficulties arise, the democracy clause must be applied.
However, I would point out that the Commission is essentially nothing more than a group of politically appointed senior civil servants.
Watts (PSE), rapporteur. - Mr President, very briefly I should like to thank the Commissioner for his very full and comprehensive reply to the vast majority of the points made by myself as rapporteur and by other Members.
Social exclusion and poverty are tending to encompass ever wider sectors of the populations.
The Conference of Presidents shall lay down further procedural guidelines for thework of the delegation to the Conciliation Committee.
Ford (PSE). - This is not an explanation of vote, it is to follow up the point I made earlier this morning.
There is no doubt that the EIS concerns police cooperation, but not specifically in the fields of terrorism and unlawful drug-trafficking, nor other forms of international crime.
On the other hand, while I have a great deal of sympathy
15 County oí crspatdi/eworr
We shall gladly do that, and I should like to say something now about the effort we should make and our criteria.
These irregularities have been taking place over a period of several years, and this House cannot settle for undertakings and promises to do better.
So we must cover these possibilities and we can only do so through global cooperation.
Debates of the European Parliament
For this reason, it is a shame that agriculture and rural development have not been truly taken into consideration in this Green Paper.
We look forward with interest to the Ombudsman's first special report on the subject.
It should still not be possible to force Member States into taking decisions on tax issues against their will. For example, it should be for each individual Member State to decide on the level of VAT and on any differentiation in VAT rates.
Fourthly, they seem to us to be giving a positive signal and therefore constitute a positive precedent for other third countries in terms of opening­up markets on a reciprocal basis: this is a completely new element.
You really wondered what it was all about.
Question No 33 by Charlotte Cederschiold (H-0580/97)
Compliance with the legislation in enterprises is the main objective of enforcement.
I should very much like a pledge from the Commissioner that at the end of next year he will come up with a realistic programme for the real liberalization of the market in the interests of the con sumer and jobs.
Why did toe Commission not carry out these studies before adopting the two draft directives?
It is the only way we can secure the development of an EU that does not work against its citizens, but acts for them and upholds their rights.
I am of course sorry that America is not, or not yet, participating, even though this reaUy contradicts the principle'that President CUnton himself always puts forward.
The Dutch presidency did what it could and deserves congratulations, if only for managing to hold together 15 Member States with differ ent problems.
But the effect of this policy would be far greater if it were a common EU policy.
Consequently, our group cannot vote for the report in its present form.
So it is clear that at the appropriate moment we will have to decide whether to participate or not.
The Commission has suggested that the transit problems that have arisen should be regarded as a business problem for the transport sector alone and that, in this case, it is up to the transport sector to ensure that transport operations can be carried out properly.
If we confine ourselves to economic criteria, the European project will decline into nothing more than a free trade zone.
Stewart­Clark, Sir Jack (PPE). ­ I hear what you say, but we have created this monitoring centre in Lisbon at great expense.
I hope that the BSE tragedy has brought this home to all those responsible for giving the European Union a more hopeful and human face once again.
0 Deputy chairman of the Moderate Party (1970-1981).
Decision on urgency, p. 4 - 4.
Community financial support for renewable energy sources is provided mainly from the programmes ALTENER and JOULE-THERMIE.
This is an important step towards a more lasting solution.
We must of course increase the birth-rate. If we look at the labour market, the problem cannot be solved through immigration.
Under the circumstances, instead of continuing to concentrate on only a limited number of crossing points, it is important to multiply and improve the links between the countries as much as possible, and the benefits will far outstrip the cost of the investment.
There is nothing wrong with satellites that bring in money, with satellite applications.
Replaced Mr Leen van der WAAL, who resigned.
Member of the Paris Council.
Notice to members No 63
97-113, Belliard Str.
There is also great uncertainty amongst head teachers and school governing bodies.
include the rest of the Balkans and some neighbouring countries, which may even include EU applicant countries or Member States.
It is great that I can now disagree with Commissioner Bangemann, because he naturally has a great deal of understanding about culture but also about economics and the two come together here.
What the Patent Directive means, as the Scandinavian Association against Painful Animal Tests has pointed out, is that a company can gain a monopoly over important genes which could create difficulties for the discovery of new drugs.
Consequently, prudence and care will be required.
Medal of Merit of the Council of Europe.
Whilst I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate and thank the rapporteur for his efforts, I share with him his disappointment at our failure to make much progress on our amendments.
The Commission is still refusing to consider the request from some Member States for temporary national protection pending final Community record ing of new designations.
I fully share that view. They are important for channelling the citizens' desires and misgivings, and they are also an important source for the Commission's work.
Between Government and opposition parties, between the north and south of the country and between Government and people.
(Prolonged applause)
Legislative powers The power of the purse Powers of democratic supervision • Parliament and the Commission • Parliament and the Council • Parliament and the European Council • Parliament and the common foreign and security policy • Parliament and cooperation on justice and home affairs Cooperation with the developing countries A political driving force
Ahlqvist (PPS). - (SV) I am pleased that the Council, at least, has more concrete actions at its disposal for tackling the situation in Byelorussia than the Commission.
Does this mean that controls by the country of destination are always contrary to the Treaty?
♦ mobility of undergraduate students in the last year of study in both directions EU-Partner Country and Partner Country-EU as an integral part of the degree course.
The European Parliament has always supported the idea of a voluntary service, at Community level.
This year, of the money which is available to us, we are sending back ECU 2.27 billion.
At the same time, the material resources available to customs vary markedly between one Member State and the next, creating a disparity in their capacity to operate effectively and providing an opening for the fraudster with the result that the customs services do not function in such a way as to protect the fundamental interests of the European Union, which was originally based on a customs union.
0 Former member of the council of the European Broadcasting Union (Televisión Española).
It should include not just small and medium sized companies, as proposed, but also other organisations such as the Euro pean Network for the Unemployed which we in the Green Group proposed in amendment 5.
It is both alarming and revealing that Parliament did not even approve the amendment proposal which intended to introduce the exemption known as the doctor's exemption, which is already present in Article 52.4 of the European Patent Convention and which establishes that 'methods of treatment for human or animal bodies via surgery or therapy and diagnostic methods' are exempt from patent ing.
EUROPEAN COMMUNITY
The Commission has got the ideas pretty well right as far as that is concerned.
Member of the Committee of Inquiry on the Disabled (1989-1991).
Like them, I would like to emphasis that this is often the case.
With France now holding the presidency of the Minsk Group of the OSCE, Europe has an excellent opportunity to work towards the rapid establishment of peace between Armenia and Azerbaijan in and around Nagorno-Karabakh.
On the one hand, the process of globalization is radically changing patterns of employment and creating problems of adapting to new social and economic conditions, but on the other, it can also offer major opportunities if it is accompanied by substantial investment in training.
If yes, how much and why?
As a general issue, the importance of this problem is still relatively limited insofar as non-EU ports cannot at present compete across the board in terms of capacity, efficiency and so on.
President - The Commissioner, who has been listening patiently, may now reply.
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
For this reason, I believe that every cooperation agreement between the European Union and the socalled emerging economies should be examined individuaUy.
Article K9 is a snare, because it is an instrument in the hands of the president which he can use as he pleases.
The case involved transit operations from France to Portugal (ostensible final destination Africa) cleared with false customs stamps.
In conclusion I hope that the Member States have the courage to resolutely pursue this cooperation.
At European Union level, however, this vast spectrum of political opinion is condensed into the following large 'political groups' which, on the basis of ideological affinities between their members, represent the major divisions in European politics.
However, there is still a lot of Aristotelian thinking in the societies we live in: In short, we live in a patriarchal structure where man is superior and woman is inferior in all areas and in every way.
So we are very disappointed and surprised that the rapporteur has such a negative attitude towards it.
Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs Chair: Hedy d'Ancona (PES, NL)
These two committees, on BSE and on fraud in the transit system, have considerably strengthened our Parliament.
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Natural Resources Management
8.1 Formal requirements and priority assessment
The Council has already given detailed attention to the situation in Zaire on several occasions, and has made its position clear.
We shall abstain, however, because in our view it should be discussed in detail in the Committee on Agriculture before we start bringing forward such issues from Agenda 2000.1 would prefer us to discuss first what should form part of Agenda 2000. I would ask my group to abstain today, so that we can talk that over first.
But we have an obligation to consider cases where the application of summertime, in particular in the countries of northern Europe, has different or less beneficial effects than in other Member States.
There will of course be invitations to Members of this House. I believe that will further advance the idea of differentiated environmental charges and result in the implementation of practical measures.
The third point covers economic cooperation, with a view to assisting the process of reform, economic recovery and sustainable development in the Kyrgyz Republic.
In all cases, the petition must fall within the sphere of activities of the European Union.
Internal measures by companies and action by the police are not in themselves sufficient to fight fraud; new legislation is needed, along with a rethink of the way the process is organized.
I ask you, Commissioner, to be on your guard against allowing any such distortions to occur and, above all, to ensure mat they are not financed from Community funds.
which always emerge and have, I think, been apparent in this morning's debate.
On this basis, multiannual indicative plan -ning documents are then prepared for each country (plus one for the multi-country programme).
Methods of bringing tobacco products illegally into circulation
So then we started investigations, which were made public by some of the companies where on­the­spot visits took place.
The BCS/ECCC is on permanent stand-by, has a professional crew and authorisation to contact the customs authorities, police and international security organisations.
That must not happen.
That is being denied to the people of Cuba.
Debates of the European Parliament
At Amsterdam stress was laid on the need to inform citizens about the Euro and the Treaty of Amsterdam, but these funds appear in the budget marked 'reminder'- which means, for the
In other words, the installer and operator of an infrastructure has his own economic interest in reaching everyone, and will as a result forego no costs in order to achieve this.
They are then covered by sickness, accident and pensions insurance.
The Commission has already made use of this instrument, notably in the field of humanitarian aid, through the framework partnership contracts.
We should not forget that those same conventions also provide for the possibility of confining boats to certain maritime routes.
The European Council (Heads of State or Government) will make the final decisions on participation in the Single Currency.
Source: DG 1, 3.7.1»%
Wohlfart, President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) I would like first of all to say that the Mr President-in-Office of the Council, during the June part-session, already had the opportunity to answer an identical question put by the Member of the European Parliament.
Malerba (UPE), draftsman of the opinion of the Commit tee on External Economic Relations. - (LT) Mr President, the Committee on External Economic Relations was very disturbed to hear the serious criticisms made by the Court of Auditors concerning the management of the MED programmes and is anxiously asking for the Commission to take rapid action in following up and answering all the Court's criticisms, for all the investigations to be carried out, for all the abuses to be punished and for the Commission to report back promptly to Parliament on a regular basis.
To achieve this objective, structural reforms of the various economic policies are proposed, starting with agricultural policy.
3.5 Case E
Fantuzzi (PSE). ­ (LT) Mr President, the media have often referred to toe subject of today's debate as toe 'mad cow business'.
We refer to this report as 'Guidelines', i.e. its aim is to guide the Council, to provide a course to be followed, to inform the Council that these are Parliament's priorities.
I welcome the opportunity to clarify the points raised by both Mrs Jackson and Mr Bowe about such things as the export of secondhand clothes, which count as waste.
Copyright SCS.V.l..
I am not sure toat we have to give lessons!
Member of the national parliament (1967-1984).
Ambassadors met and coordinated the projects.
Has it discussed joint actions to bring pressure to bear on the President of Belarus to restore democracy?
Parliament's standing committees are the arteries that carry Parliament's lifeblood. They discuss the working documents that will become the reports voted on subsequently in plenary.
Yesterday the Greek Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs reminded us of what our dear departed Melina Merkouri often said - and Melina Merkouri cannot be left out of a debate on culture - that culture must be the heavy artillery of Greek society.
In yesterday's committee of inquiry we welcomed Com mission President Santer's intention regarding the scientific committees.
Debates of the European Parliament
Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance
Question No 73 by Ulla Sandbæk (H-0344/97) Subject: EU support to Community-based natural resource management in Africa
We voted against the report because it contains a number of paragraphs concerning the extension of defence cooperation within the EU.
Publication on international licensing and patenting policy.
Replaced Mr Francisco António LUCAS PIRES, who died on 22 May 1998.
Community law and related EU policies
You state that nuclear installations are designed and built to contain virtually all the byproducts of their operation, even under accidental conditions.
The Commission has taken the necessary steps to give shape to the socalled conflict prevention network and the Commission has played a very prominent role in the elaboration of the SAC guidelines on conflict, peace and development cooperation.
At 9.45 a.m. Mr De Luca opened the meeting with representatives of the Austrian Chamber of Commerce and import-export agents.
The Court of Auditors
The SI2 supported on Oracle was successfully installed at the end of the year.
Language-learning, and in general a genuine Euro pean policy on languages, demands urgent attenuation by the institutions.
The fourth point follows from this, namely that individuals and corporate entities must also be compelled to submit documents; the fifth point is that committees of inquiry will need to have their own right of access to all documents of the European institutions in future.
And that is not going to be the case and we are taking small steps; not even the European Parliament is able to produce an opinion on revision of the Treaties in the future.
1999 the single currency and the 'year III package' on five-year budgetary programming; 2000 the opening of negotiations at the WTO; 2002 the beginning of enlargement to the East.
Strasbourg first became the seat of the Council of Europe, and then in 1 952, the Common Assembly of the ECSC met there to symbolise Franco-German reconciliation.
Macartney (ARE), rapporteur. - Madam President, I would like to pay tribute to the work which was done by a very fine reference laboratory in Torry in Aberdeen in Scotland.
I hope that we are going to reach a situation in which we will have competition 'on a level playing field'.
Subject: Enlargement of the EU to include countries in Eastern and Central Europe
Accordingly, for forest resources, it is foreseen to review toe existing provisions in toe light of experience so far and toe changed circumstances following enlargement.
Parliament also takes the view that as one of the largest trading blocs in the world the European Union needs a competitive maritime industry in the long term too.
The others, politicians and institutions, did nothing by laxism, for fear of deregulating toe markets, and also for fear perhaps of calUng into question the introduction of toe single market.
Terrón i Cusí (PSE), rapporteur. - (ES) Madam President, first of all, I would like to thank all groups for the cooperation which they demonstrated in the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs and their very good will towards this report.
Mrs Carrère d'Encausse's report reads like a historical novel.
I totally agree with you that this sector needs a new impetus, a new dynamism.
There is no natural principle of national preference.
Debates of the European Parliament
As for the functioning of the Council, the vital point is that of extending voting by qualified majority.
The following three sub-sections take each of these levels in turn, though naturally, they are intimately interconnected as government policy and therefore Council action are necessarily conditioned by the internal political process in the Member State at the heart of which will be the National Customs Service.
That would not make sense and that is the position we have expressed, both in our report and, very particularly, in the speeches I have made in the Intergovernmental Conference.
I would also like to point out that both proposed amendments are controversial, and not just in this House; they are also being followed with great interest by our electorates outside the House in all Member States.
Approval of the Minutes Schierhuber, Ford, Provan, Santini
All the applicants will thus take part in an inclusive enlargement process.
President. - Unfortunately, we witness similar attacks from time to time in various Community countries in recent years, and I think we all ought to echo your protest and condemn these attacks each time, because the national authorities should indeed protect the free movement of
We are now at the stage at which we draw our conclusions and your report is indeed an important contribution in this process. I would therefore like to once again thank the parliamentary committees that have expressed their opinions in this regard for the contribution they have made and, of course, to thank once again the rapporteur, Mr Garosci.
The need to have rapid and reliable confirmation that a CT transaction has been successfully completed L· paramount and an automated control and reporting system based on a secure and reliable Wide Area Network (WAN), supported by a control and auditfunction, L· required.
The introduction of an effective convention on extradition will not only provide a solution for existing legal problems, it will contribute to effective procedural collaboration and lead finally to the integration of criminal law, which is one of the preconditions for real union with the obligatory, self-evident but unfortunately undebated move towards federalism.
All individuals who sit on recruitment and selection panels receive antidiscriminatory training, and one personnel representative is present at all interviews.
Regarding the economic climate, the Denver summit offered an opportu­nity to compare the situation in Europe with that in the United States, in particular.
We need to detail this clearly in the annexes to ensure that we have a uniform level, of risk assessment across the Union.
Firstly, the 3 % figure beyond which strict penalty interest becomes payable has been selected arbitrarily.
The draft includes a specific reference to small and medium-sized enterprises (')· It says that cooperation between them would rarely appreciably affect trade between Member States.
IN THE CHAIR: MR PODESTÀ Vice-President
Just think of the enforced sterilizations that have been so much in the news in the last few weeks.
ardisation of regulations concerning civil rights is not easy.
That is why the Commission has been taking a new approach for about a year, aimed at raising awareness amongst the Member States of the need to make progress and laying the foundations for consensus and concrete proposals.
The Commission does not intend to give anyone an alibi by presenting another proposal if the same conditions of political deadlock exist.
If trade cannot expect help from Customs before 2003 and a change in Customs attitude towards CT is unlikely to take place in the interim, then trade must look for a solution which solves the problems referred to above. copyright sas .V.l.. 1996
It therefore appears as a vote without debate.
MEASURES TO ERADICATE TOBACCO CONTRABAND IN EUROPE
As far as compensation, not only to owners but to workers, is concerned, that was the proposal of the Commission but several Member States - I will not name them but you know very well which - did not accept that proposal.
Debates of the European Parliament
The problem is not whether or not I declare it.
The Council's common position has made further changes to the Commission's text.
Souchet (I-EDN), in writing. - (FR) The mad cow drama and its retinue of catastrophes have led us to set up a Committee of Inquiry, the first to deUver its conclusions to Parliament.
Therefore, this directive should ensure that, as part of their competence, transport operators have the best possible information and awareness concerning the rel-
Any decision to suspend cooperation must be firmly based on clear criteria, and the procedures must be transparent and agreed fairly with the ACP countries.
Deputy mayor of Liévin.
I would remind you of the establishment of the Fiscal Policy Group, which consists of the personal representatives of the Ministers of Finance.
The tasks of these structures are growing, their position in the market is growing, and the number of staff in the Directorate needs to grow as well.
Task-setting and organization should be oriented in this direction.
My group does not believe that to be the case.
Kirsten Jensen, Blak, Sindal and Iversen (PSE), in writing. - (DA) The Danish Social Democrats voted against the Van Lancker report because it contains many points that conflict with Denmark's reservations as regards cooperation on justice and home affairs.
Rural areas eligible under the new Objective 2 (which targets economic and social restructuring) will benefit from accompanying measures financed from the EAGGF, Guarantee Section.
0 Member of local, regional and national SPÖ bodies. 0 Former municipal councillor in Linz.
The fact is that the extent of the committee's recommendations was made necessary by the scale of the responsibilities incurred by the Commission, the Council and, of course, the British Government.
The President of the European Parliament L-2929 LUXEMBOURG
Debates of the European Parliament
Parliament also attaches great importance to providing humanitarian aid.
The Special Session set up an inter governmental forum which was to investigate the possibilities for a convention and report on the results to the CSD in 1999.
At the same time I should point out to the honourable member that it is not the business of the CouncU to guarantee compliance with international treaties which toe Member States have signed in contexts other than that of toe European Union.
The total value of tobacco products consumed adds up to about Ecu 69 billion.
It will not be very easy to get it accepted in the Member States.
It demonstrates its commitment by maintaining relations with all the world's parliaments.
Private smuggling of tobacco products from countries with low taxes and duties to neighbouring countries with high taxes is creating an increasing problem.
The Danish Social Democrats consider that the sectoral dialogue in this context is especially important, since the specific expertise of the participants is particularly suited to ensuring that the benefit of direct practical experience is brought to the social dialogue.
For several years many of us have toiled to bring the single currency to fruition in the belief that EMU will help Europe in its search for jobs for its people.
The report by the European ParUament which attacks toe UK Government's role throughout toe BSE scandal is also severely critical of the Commission and of former Com missioner Ray MacSharry, who if not involved directly in a process of disinformation and down-playing the scandal, has been accused by the committee of inquiry of at least 'turning a blind eye'.
Berthu (IEDN), in writing. - (FR) The Commission proposal to set up a voluntary service to involve young people in collective interest activities in the Union or a nonCommunity country possibly reflects a good intention but seems to be founded on no legal basis in the Treaty.
Another aspect involving consumer protection is toe social aspect.
(Parliament rejected the proposal to refer the report back to committee)
Garcia Arias (PSE). - (ES) Mr Commissioner, what is being presented to the public and the European Commission as a strategic alliance between ARBED and CSI is really a strange privatization operation, or absorption.
The Commission must of course provide clear environmental legislation and try to reduce
An international seminar on the theme "the Citizens of the Etiropean Union: toward review of the Maastricht Treaty" was held in Rome on 23 November 1995.
The European Parliament plays a key role in the application of transparency.
Some Member States were unwilling to take a major step forward, for a variety of reasons which, I fear, reveal a degree of short-sightedness.
Even just internal negotiations and consultations with staff organizations take a huge amount of time.
EP-national parliaments relations
In 1995 the CouncU adopted a resolution calling for computerization of the transit system by 1998.
I know that there is to be a meeting on this subject shortly, so I very much hope that you will do as we request.
Nevertheless, some 80 billion third country cigarettes are imported into the EU each year, of which 90%+ pass through the port of Antwerp.
I hope that one day we will be able to do without them.
It is very important that this does involve a minimum of regulations and not a full harmonisation of legislation.
Former chairman and managing director of Juventus football club.
Based on the principle of responsible research, our amendments certainly permit the patenting of processes and applications as well as of proteins, medicinal drugs, vaccines and many other products.
Contents
Elliott (PSE). - I am most grateful to the Commissioner for that answer but wé have learned in the last few days that it seems the WTO panel will find against the Com mission on the complaint taken out by the USA on the issue of EU meat imports containing hormones.
Sweden to take account of their European Economic Area membership.
Under the Hughes procedure, our resolution has taken account of the opinions from the Legal Affairs Committee, the Commit tee on Culture and the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.
For structural actions a binding legal base for communications was introduced in 1994.
The fact that the report you have debated broadly involved all the parties concerned and that the views of the business world were widely canvassed as well, will undoubtedly have been helpful in this analysis of the problems which have beset this sector for ages now.
Add to this our wish that an improvement in the quality of service should be aimed for and you have Parliament's position in a nutshell.
Fewer than 5 percent of European schools had access to electronic networks in the middle of last year. This figure varies enormously between Member States.
Of course, public transport must be run as cost effectively as possible but, in view of its decisive role and society's overriding responsibility to provide for people's needs, cost effectiveness cannot be the only driving force for the operation of public transport.
The social democrats in this House support the report and congratulate the rapporteur again on his detailed and good work.
These documents shall be referred to the committee responsible. Anycommittee concerned may deliver an opinion.
We should be supporting greater investment in environmental technologies, civil technologies and new materials, rather than in arms cooperation, because that will not generate the jobs that we are led to believe will be created.
(The IRU approached the CCS in the Autumn of 1995 to explore the possibility of applying CCS methods to the TIR system.)
Increased competitiveness, rather than more regulations, wUl make it possible to avoid 'the European model' collapsing sociaUy.
Nevertheless, there must be a system which is effective without being too restrictive for the farmer.
I know there are sceptics who dismiss it as more procedures.
Economic incentives
Then there is the protection of children against sexual abuse and exploitation: I think that what Mr Schulz said applies in reverse as well, and that if we have, for once, achieved something good in our own countries we have the right to promulgate it elsewhere.
We think that Commissioner Fischler should take the opportunity in this debate to explain the two errors which he is accused of making in the report.
Waste is also an extremely profitable business, and on that business the Commission has its beady eye in this proposal on waste shipments.
Following the changes in the countries of central and eastern Europe, competition to ports such as Rotterdam for trade into and out of the European continent is provided increasingly by non-EU ports.
I believe that this also responds to the first amend ment by Mr Florenz.
I hope that this 'European Year against Racism' is going to be up to the standards demanded by the European Parliament and we should also remember that the budgetary amount, 4.7 million ECU is 20 % less that what we earmarked in May 1996, 6 million ECU, and we should try to make sure that budgetary restrictions do not turn the European Year against Racism into an empty date on the calendar.
Van Dok-Van Weele. - (NL) I think that that emphasis was already laid in the first part of my answer.
For this reason I could not support the approval of the report as a whole either.
In any case, Mr Marin has reminded us, and I must admit that his comments have terrified me somewhat, that the European Union injects considerable quantities of money and energy, but probably not under the right conditions needed to make it effective. It would be fitting therefore if this same effort could be deployed on a political level, through pressure on the Israeli government, but also, and perhaps at least in the same manner, on the Palestinian authority so that it reforms its methods and its customs.
The rates of interest for these accounts were based on the existing framework contract between the European Commission and the Générale de Banque SA.
We know that in the European Parliament there is a big
But is it really proper that this Assembly should be listening to concerns and seeking and getting information from people like Mr Pasty, who is a weU-known cheat and double-voter in this plenary and is again wasting our time on matters of procedure?
This simple fact, ladies and gentlemen, should lessen public mistrust and should even help to do away with it altogether.
A censure motion can only apply to past liabiUty and cannot dictate future actions.
(For voting procedure on opinions, see interpretation under Rule 150)
We also think that it would be irresponsible to send young people to third countries, as is being proposed.
Such recommendations shall require the samemajority as the final assent.
The United States made the dollar a single currency, but it preceded that with political union, with the Declaration of Independence. Bismarck created the gold mark after first unifying the German states politically; the monetary laws followed.
I do not see that conflict because we are talking about an extremely large and important country, as many speakers in the debate have said.
The customs authorities are required to prevent and combat offences against both Community rules and national laws.
Does anyone oppose that?
Subject: Lobbyists in the Commission
The Commission has power under Article 169 to deliver an opinion on a Member State's failure to fulfil a Treaty obligation and, eventually, to bring the matter before the Court of Justice.
At toe same time we realize toat this is an industry which I am sure will want, and which certainly can afford, toe basic consumer protection measures I am sure toat this House will support.
Nobody, except itself, albeit timidly, has defended it during preparation of the IGC.
Rübig environmental information systems and basic and ad­vanced training.
IN THE CHAIR: MR MARINHO Vice-President
The way assessments are performed varies from one country to another and may also vary according to the nature of the measure.
(Tlie President declared the common position approved as amended)
Democracy and the law of fundamental freedoms in our society must be upheld at every level and this includes the forces of law and order of the state.
* mostly agreement is reached on improvement, warnings are given or orders issued.
Your commitment to strengthening the resources of the Socrates programme is a very clear commitment and political message as to your priorities for European action in the future.
Once they established that the goods had not been presented at the office of destination, Swedish customs charged the customs and other duties to the principal, and, when he did not pay, to the guarantor.
Many of the complaints against bodies that are outside the Ombudsman's remit alleged the incorrect implementation of Community law by national administrations.
It is probably no fluke that Italian trade unions recently acknowledged regional differ entiation and accepted it.
That is where the real problem lies, and I would urge the Commission to consider possible ways to get round this in the meantime, since we feel that the cunent system works to the disadvantage of European importers.
There is nothing mysterious about it.
A week later, he answered me that the matter could not be taken further to provide an interpreter.
We do not want to tread on people sleeping in the street.
I believe it is absolutely right that we should remember her here today, with a small tribute from our Parliament.
I therefore regret the lack of ambition in terms of competitiveness, the reconquest of markets and improvements in employment levels.
That would also enable this approach to be applied rapidly.
Here the Council in its common position seeks to limit the possibilities of action at EU level, so that they amount to no more than promoting measures at national level.
But, precisely because this is where the individual citizen comes into direct contact with the Union, it is important that the procedure should be as effective as possible.
I notice that 40 Members
As ever, women get less than their fair share when it comes to calculating pensions.
So we are now waiting for the Commissioner to tell us whether the European Commission also approves Mr Castricum's excellent report.
Freedom Party Greens Liberal Forum Austrian People's Party Democratic Socialist Party
We are determined there will be if we can have any influence on that process because it is crucial for the development of the Union into the next millennium that we have a positive outcome.
Non associated countries
The first thing I want to do is to congratulate the two rapporteurs.
The budgetary framework introduced by economic and monetary union provides a way.
It is not in the interest of consumers, and it protects major operators who charge high costs for long-distance calls while at the same time benefiting from their competitive advantages in continental Europe.
Old arguments are trotted out, old chestnuts, such as budgetary costs, balance in the use of resources or the supposed contradiction between these agreements and the European Union's cooperation policy with ACP countries.
Question Time (Council), p. 63 -14. Driftnets, p. 74 - 15.
We do not need to take any further action on them, because they are sufficiently clear.
0 Member of the PS national executive and the PS national Political Committee.
That is why Amendment No 10 is so important.
Fourthly the reform of tax law in order to reduce both the charges on work and to help to bring the national budget more into balance.
The Statute provides:
Now we are served up with an agreement which is no such thing. Leghold traps are to continue to be permitted for several years.
President to ensure the smooth internal running of our institution; the true objective is to bring Parliament closer to the citizens.
This is an issue which is connected especially to the conservation of forests worldwide.
Mainstreaming is a very serious attempt by the European Union's institutions to bring about a cultural shift in attitudes across policy areas.
Debates of the European Parliament
A treaty of bits and pieces in which no one can actually tell which are the bits and which are the pieces.
Finally, the Commission would like to express its appreciation of the European Parliament's initiatives to develop
So I think that America and Europe basically share the same interests here.
The implementation of environmental law also requires that the legislation itself should make provision for fund ing.
To the so-caUed third age we will have to add a fourth category, the fourth generation, whose needs will have important effects on social, health and pension matters.
Sport can therefore do more to foster mutual understanding than many an artificially conceived European project.
Teacher in vocational training.
It's all very well to talk about these things at summit level - but words have to be translated into actions.
The debate is closed.
was made by the Commission in 1987, and furthermore it remains on the table of the Council.
Europe must make a great effort to use this means of exchange only to guarantee the welfare of the people and not be overwhelmed by it.
0 Chairman of the Committee on the Environment Public Health and Consumer Protection (1979-1984 and since 1989).
That cultural shift is going to take time.
The second question is agricultural production and its importance, even more than before, in view of world markets.
Moreover, this form of tourism stimulates other sectors: transport, trade and agriculture.
The Secretary-General shall head a Secretariat the composition andorganization of which shall be determined by the Bureau.
Second consequence: the changing age structure of the population will lead to an increase in the demand for services and welfare transfers will probably weigh heavily on public expenditure.
The response of the Legal Service was to issue a warning: it told the Council to consult Parliament again because the proposed amend ments were so far-reaching.
As regardsthe estimates proper, the procedure for drawing up the estimates willbegin as soon as the Bureau has taken a final decision on the establishment plan.The stages of this procedure will be those laid down in Rule 165, viz.: b1) the Bureau shall draw up the preliminary draft estimates of revenue andexpenditure (paragraph 1 ), b2) the Committee on Budgets shall draw up the draft estimates of revenueand expenditure (paragraph 2), b3) a conciliation procedure shall be opened in cases where the positions ofthe Committee on Budgets and the Bureau are widely divergent.
This would be a further incentive for the young citizens of Europe: a cultural commitment combined with stronglyheld democratic convictions would stimulate the building of a real Europe of peoples and citizens.
Parliament also receives a yearly written report on the progress achieved.
But a repulsive form of punishment is still applied in the world's greatest democracy.
Without the customs transit system goods would have to be imported directly on passing the external frontiers of the European Union.
You need not be, for I did not say that' all you send us is papers.
To put it simply, caution and prudence are of the essence here.
The new, and perhaps also the old, Chinese leaders must be condemned, if necessary without fear in the UN context, for the deterioration in human rights in their country; it is clear everywhere toat toe situation has not improved.
The completion of K2 and R4 nuclear reactors is part of an agreement between the G7 and Ukraine on the 'closure of Chernobyl. The agreement stipulates that the nuclear option must, however, be leastcost and the independent leastcost study commissioned by the EBRD makes clear that the nuclear option is far from least-cost.
The country is now being stigmatized and thereby also gaining an undeserved image which plays into the hands of the fanatical orthodox Islamic groups, and that is exactly what we do not want.
Number of votes: 478 Votes for: 211
Up to the present time, the exact opposite has been achieved,
Each difficulty connected with the production and trading of bananas must be dealt with through measures specially designed for each difficulty of that kind.
La Malfa (ELDR). - (LT) Madam President, it would take too long - and we do not have the time - to examine the distant causes of the extremely serious and devastating crisis that has hit Albania, the decades of economic weakness and total lack of democratic or even basic structures.
There seems to be no political will on the part of EU leaders to stamp out the unnecessary suffering of animals and cloning will only lead to further experiments on animals and greater suffering for them.
Rule 113 a Tied votes
The information society is not only a question of technology, it is also a question of the impact on society.
Garosci jobs in the private sector have come from this unsung source.
President. - I call on Mr Colino Salamanca, the representative of the Committee on Agriculture, to speak on the basis of the item.
Two round tables have been held with those most involved, in which, if my information is correct, members of this Parliament have also participated.
Further more, the President designate will in future be formally approved by the European Parliament.
It is true that the education of girls and women has increased significantly in recent years, but some sectors still remain heavily dominated by men; positive action is therefore required to encourage girls and women to take up education and training, particularly in scientific and technical subjects.
Both will clarify the aims that the Commission has set in the framework of its Agenda 2000.
The Liberal Group supports the Commission's proposal, in its overwhelming majority, to limit the in crease in the agricultural budget to 0.45 % and, in this context, it is also supporting, to a great extent, the Commission's proposals in the field of prices.
Pomes Ruiz (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, after Commissioner Monti's good words, approving the work by Mr Secchi on our task to make taxation an element for fostering the creation of jobs and wealth, I would like to emphasize and attach due importance to the fact that the Commission itself suggests that any proposal for Community intervention in taxation matters must be fully in keeping with the principle of subsidiarity.
Pettinari (GUE/NGL). - (IT) Mr President, I think that we ought now to be reflecting on the appointment, only yesterday evening, of a new Prime Minister in Cambodia.
Consumers demand animal products which are safe and unproblematic from toe point of view of health, and they also insist on an assurance that the conditions in which animals are reared and transported ensure a satisfactory standard of animal welfare.
Members of the Commission and Council shall be heard in the debate on areport as a rule immediately after its presentationby the rapporteur.
Question No 83 by Inger Schörling (H-0373/97) Subject: Use of TRI as a solvent
The constituency I represent is an Objective 1 region.
Nor will I conceal the fact that in individual cases they could lead to anonymization or to Internet junkies in need of therapy, as became apparent in the Netherlands last week.
This list of innovations could be longer.
The place where acceptance begins or the place where it ends?
There too we want more precise and more practical proposals.
Visit to Royal Maas Yacht Club.
In addition, as Mrs Junker has just pointed out, much more attention must be paid to the position of women than has been today.
While some admit an offence of fraud against the EC budget (e.g. Italy) others have to use other indictments according to the precise nature of the crime.
That is simply necessary because the Commission really fulfils a kind of judicial function here.
Unfortunately, Mr Caccavale, I cannot say the same for Amendment No 6; in this case I believe that your original version was more precise than what you are now proposing. ing.
The suggestion in the recital that the European company statute should be made more attractive to small and medium-sized undertakings does not mean that there should be zones with no codetermination when employee numbers are low. That is not what the committee wants; we want to support these SMEs.
divided on this point, as you already know, and there is a very lively debate about it.
lot remains to be done, of course, and I am working intensively to ensure that this issue will continue to be prioritized in future in our cooperation with the new democracies in the east.
PARTNERSHIPS
We must persevere in this way if we want to create more jobs in the future.
Given the situation, it is quite easy to see the important role that could be played by railways given the foreseeable demand for energy, without affecting environmental protection, in an attempt to alleviate the greenhouse effect.
In this context it is not irrelevant to mention the option which exists as regards the investment targeting option made within each of the four beneficiary Member States of the Cohesion Fund submitting projects.
Apart from these principles, we lay down in the report a set of guidelines for a uniform procedure which must be gone through when we are negotiating fisheries agree
Last year I was rapporteur for the report on the CFP monitoring system.
They claim that this interpretation is the only proper technical solution, and that all other suggestions are based not on technical considerations, but on sentiment. ment.
The first estimates the total financial costs of social insurance for occupational accidents and diseases.
The excess of available allocations in relation to implementation capacity would be about ECU 500m.
But we are also defending the interests of the citizens of third countries who will definitely benefit from buying European products and services, in many cases offered in more favourable conditions in terms of quality and price, as can be seen at this moment in time with the worldwide success of so many European Union companies, despite the difficulties they have to overcome.
Has the Council carried out the requested feasibility study, either on its own or with the Commission?
We also noticed the precipitate guillotine debate, organized very hurriedly by the Committee on Budgets, yesterday afternoon.
I would ask you to pass on this request to the Bureau.
It is also a year in which Europe is being led by small countries.
I was very pleased to hear him emphasizing that the solution to this environmental prob­lem must involve the entire Alpine region.
More than 1, 000 cases are still open.
Thus there are parts of the report which we in Denmark cannot subscribe to immediately.
That is the future.
Bjerregaard, Member of the Commission. - (DA) Mr President the Commission wishes to thank the Committee
This will, of course, involve an increase in the appropriations for budget Une A-3200 which would requhe the agreement of the Budgetary Authority.
Crowley (UPE). ­ I would like to ask the Commissioner, following on from his own response just now, with regard to access to buildings and discussions between the Euro­pean Union authorities and the Belgian authorities, what plans, if any, he has in his role to consult with the disabled people themselves to ask them what access and what kind of special faciUties they may need.
23.04.1962 Member of the European Parliament United Kingdom Lab. MEP: 19.07.1994 PSE
This is why the code also provides guidance for the elimination of all kinds of indirect discrimination where grading, classification and job evaluation schemes are used on the basis of pay structures.
Nevertheless, I give an undertaking that the Minutes of
That was what was agreed, and it was also the rapporteur's suggestion.
This is not to say that the Commission is opposed to dual pricing; on the contrary, I wish to stress that price transparency is a priority in the framework of economic and monetary union.
It brings a regional and local dimension to the Union.
I am therefore asking for my colleagues support on this.
Intendedrejection of the Council's common position Conciliation during second reading Rejection of the Council's common position Amendments to the Council's common position Consequences of the Commission failing to accept
And yet all Members who were there to observe the elections agreed that those elections must be accepted under the conditions that existed. Because, after all, they were to be a starting point for the continuing development of democratic structures.
This report is all about the Single Market, and most of our citizens would have assumed that the Single Market was actoaUy work ing in a way that demonstrated that none of this could happen.
A companion technical report based on this year's findings is being disseminated to Europe's leaders, administrators and experts in the drug information field.
CHAPTERXVI
Member States are regularly reminded of their obligations to report on the situation on recovery in all detected cases.
• noted that the removal of the Office to Angers with effect from 1 August had not caused any delays in processing the files;
As a second example, take Germany. Federal Interior Minister Kanther gets himself appointed as national coordinator of the European Year against Racism, and what is the very first thing he does?
Risk analysis
Beres (PSE). - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today Vilvorde has become a kind of symbol, and a revealing one. If we look closely at the situation, we will have to examine the responsibilities of all concerned.
Debates of the European Parliament
In fact, recently, an editor controversially explained that trying a naked man had caused a drop in sales.
Social and political institutions which are shielded from civil society risk losing their legitimacy.
Shall we relinquish it to the United States, or perhaps to other countries that are filling the gap, such as South Africa, Russia or the Czech Republic, or shall we take up the challenge?
FABIO GHISELLI, FABIO MARCUS GHISELLI, GARY RICHARDSON, KENNETH RICHARD STEVENS, STUART ALLAN MacTAGGART, MARK ANTHONY BENNETT and PETER ALAN LISSENBURGH are charged as follows:
That does not mean that the Commission underestimates the problems of rural areas: indeed, as emphasized in Mr Rack's report, a very significant proportion of the available resources has been used specifically for schemes to benefit the rural areas and to benefit farmers in the Nordic and Alpine regions.
So, clearly, the structural funds have been used - that is to say that the European taxpayer has paid to create unemployment in the car industry, just as he paid for Hoover, which was relocated to Scotland and left France.
Therefore, the Commission is in a position to accept most of the amendments tabled by your rapporteur, namely Amendments Nos 1, 2, 3, on the resolution of the European Council, Amendment No 4, first part, Amendments Nos 5 and 8 on public investment and expenditure, and Amendments Nos 6, part 2, and 9, part 2, on the regulation based on Article 103.5.
That is what we have been striving for and achieving over the recent period.
The thhd concern is that we may end up with laws so labyrinthine, fragmented and technical, that working people will ultimately be largely excluded.
'This Directive shall not be applicable where characteristics peculiar to certain specific public service activities, such as the armed forces or the police, or to certain specific activities in the civil protection services inevitably conflict with it.'
We should also be clear that what the Committee of Inquiry has exposed is the fact that the workings of the Single Market, the flagship policy of the European Union in recent years, have been exploited.
Unfortunately, there is too little evidence of this in the documents available to date.
I also heard speakers on the left casting doubt on efforts at budgetary restructuring, probably with the implication that it was necessary to be in a position to subsidize Renault in order to retain jobs.
Deputy ¡n the Azores Regional Assembly (1980-1992).
The small shop on the corner or in a village is part of European quality of life.
The condition laid down in the first paragraph of this Rule, whereby the Rule shallonly apply where neither a consultation nor a request for an opinion nor a motion fora resolution has been referred to the committee making the request, must beobserued all the more strictly because it protects Members' right of initiative byallowing the application of Rule 45.
It is also characteristic to note that, during debates in the UN/ECE Working Party on Customs Questions affecting Transport (WP 30), which administers the TIR Convention, whenever a reference was made to the increase in the number of cases of fraud, the standard answer was to increase the amount of the guarantee, whereas what was needed was a means of finding the resources to improve the fight against fraud.
To sum up, the amended regulation is both more thorough on controls and forms of production and more flexible in order to facilitate conversion.
That argument disregards the principle of continuity inherent in any authority.
• the regulation should enter into force much earlier than it had proposed in its common position: 90 days rather than 12 months after its publication in the Official Journal;
We would refer here to other existing sanctions such as in the agricultural sector or the Structural Funds, where the revenue from the sanctions is pooled in the Community budget.
Crack remains localised, but some spread in selectedareas.
Therefore, I propose that we suspend the session.
0 Secretary-General of theTixier-Vlgnancour Committee.
In this context a petition for referendum is to .take place in Austria at the beginning of December on the holding of a plebiscite on this subject.
Mr President, we are also concerned not only about the workers in this sector, but also about the users of the services, especially in the disadvantaged regions, who, with the complete liberalisation of the market, will be abandoned to their fate.
Isn't it going to become, quite simply, the first estate - the only estate?
It was not then in a position to do so. Now that the Council has stolen its thunder, the Commission is having to go along with it and we give the whole business our blessing after the event.
We have tried very hard to proceed rapidly in the time available so as to be on time for the Council of energy ministers. I really would ask this quite urgently!
The question of liability on the part of access and service providers is a delicate one.
Democracy and respect for human rights are the foundations on which relations between the Union and third countries are based, including Argentina.
But we thought that Europe's sense of responsibility had since developed in such a way that it would never tolerate such a thing again. It is therefore more than hypocritical that in 1997 of all- years, the year of combating racism, nothing is being done to prevent or put an end to such massacres, a word which was also used by Mrs Bonino.
On extradition, the European Union has shown to have a very serious weakness.
This is something that in principle Parliament does not accept.
It is always much easier to establish businesses in a country or a region, in which a cultural heritage is discernible, in which culture thrives.
We had actually aheady corrected it in this form in the debate in committee.
To what extent have the Member States of the European Union complied with the provisions laid down in Council Decision 91/396/EEC (') of 29 July 1991 on the introduction of a single European emergency call number, which provides that the number 112 should be introduced in public telephone networks at the latest by 31 December 1992, except where particular technical, financial, geographical or organizational difficulties make this impossible, in which case the deadline was to be extended to 31 December 1996, after notification of the Commission?
I also think that an effort should be made to market and promote 'honey products' (market studies, new market studies, design, specialized publications, animal nutrition, diet, etc), so as at least to take into account the reality in the different honey producing countries of the European Union.
Europe is constantly changing: economic, financial and political scenarios of individual nations change, and that changes even the most solid situations.
Pomes Ruiz (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, I welcome Mrs Reding's report which illustrates the scars of terror our civilized Europe still bears.
These are already widely divergent in the various EU Member States and all too often this is a great disadvantage to countries which already have long transport distances and high freight costs.
Whilst obey ing international law, however, we must not fail to remember that the Cypriot conflict is somewhat more complex, that there are two sides, and that it is of vital important for peace that Cypriots make peace amongst themselves, distancing themselves from false friends on both sides of the sea.
The following thematic areas should be targeted in particular:
Photo credits: European Parliament photo service © Carl Cordonnier/Dailylife (Pages: cover, 8,9,11,13,15)
In general, a plan can be regarded as a manufacturing and/or assembly operation when vehicle bodies are constructed, painted, assembled or trimmed.
Now we are told that it is a question of a multi-modal Unk between Spain and Portugal and the rest of Europe and I am in fact asking this question in order to dispel the doubts once and for all.
It is no wonder that the gap between Britain's richest regions and its poorest regions is still continuing to widen.
In my opinion the single cunency is part of the stable metro-economic framework needed for creating jobs.
Today, even, the US multinational, Electrolux, is threatening to cut twenty thousand jobs in Europe - some of these are in Alcalá de Henares, Spain, a country with 20 % unemployment. ment.
We wish you, Mr Poos, and European society as a whole every success in these difficult but hopeful times.
In Europe we must put a stake in our future and our young people, especiaUy when they are wiUing to take part generously in our society.
Ornamentals 62.24 %
Sierra Gonzalez (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Mr President, presumably, the aim of such a directive and, consequently, of the Rothley report is to attempt to protect the public interest by extending patentability to biological material.
I actually welcome the fact that Prime Minister Yilmaz was able to achieve, just four days ago, a relatively large majority in the Turkish Parliament, with the support of two social democratic parties.
Union'".
I also want to record that when we speak of Euro-Mediterranean policy we need to be able to face up to our responsibilities;· the work we lost for budgetary, reasons last year could have converted our commitments into reality. That must be taken into account, if we want to preach by example.
Furthermore, one of the points I would like to stress in my speech on the report we are presenting is to examine whether the UÇLAF should continue in its present form, being totally and absolutely dependent on the Commission, or if it should act independentiy of the Commission.
After long preventing the Greek Cypriot teacher, Eleni Foka, who is well known for her educational activities in the occupied territories, from seeking medical care in the free part of Cyprus - a move judged necessary by the UN peacekeeping force - the 'authorities' of this puppet state are now refusing to allow her to return home.
It was said to us: we had no powers to carry out inspections.
Parliament's amendments in its re-examined proposal
Furthermore, the customs rules themselves militate against supervision of the goods.
It seems to me that that vision was somewhat lacking in Agenda 2000.
It has been pointed out by several speakers that the weakest bilateral trade between the EU and any of the republics that have emerged from the former USSR is that with Kyrgyzstan.
It would be amiss of us not to acknowledge them.
It is as a direct result of the improper influence which Chiquita exerted over the US Administration that the complaint was originally made to the WTO.
EquaUy, we wish to make sure that the demands of Parliament vis-à-vis the Intergovernmental Conference, in particular the example of obligatory and non-obligatory expenditure, are taken up within the Intergovernmental Conference and that we reach a satisfactory solution on it.
Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1999
Fayot (PSE). - (FR) Madam President, there is, we know, a kind of ill-feeling between the national parliaments and the European Parliament.
Nor can the Commission agree to the proposal contained in Amendment No 32 also to use the official logo for products from third countries, since neither the Commission nor the Member States have permanent or direct control over the specific application and monitoring of the rules in third countries.
Also, women still have greater responsibility for the family than men.
Debates of the European Parliament
At the Amsterdam summit, we shall have to complete the final preparations for the euro, the new exchange rate mechanism, the euro's legal status and the stability and growth pact.
The use of rain forests for a Euro pean station in Central America with consumers who come from Paris is not what we understand by autonomous regional development.
(Applause) pensions.
European culture and history would not be the same without the contribution of its islands.
Such a Union is neither convincing nor inspiring.
What is happening is that the European Union, with its international fisheries agreements, is contributing to this global problem, namely the over-subsidization of the fishing fleet worldwide.
January 1994:
Debates of the European ParUament
White (PSE). - Madam President, I am a citizen of the European Union as well as a Member of this European Parliament.
Only a few days ago, Algiers was the site of a mass murder.
0 Founder and president of the Focus on Hope Foundation for the preservation of culture and promotion of new artists.
The presidency will also be embarking on other tasks based on recent proposals by the Commission, including for example the statutes of the Committee on Excise Duties and the Value Added Tax Committee.
Whom will it reaUy be monitoring?
This does not mean that we should not be getting people back to work, on the contrary, I am aU in favour of 'activating' benefits, but it does mean that we should now consign the American model to the dustbin once and for all.
Therefore we need close cooperation between the Member States and toe Commission in order to make toe Community's humanitarian aid as effective as possible and it is vital toat we define a global strategy - as toe rapporteur made a very good case for - which is coherent in terms of its application.
Macartney (ARE). - Mr President, I sympathise with you that sometimes people try to raise points which are not on the Minutes.
0 District chairman of theSPO in Bregenz.
As has been reiterated in Agenda 2000, talks can be held only with the one constitutionaUy recognized authority, the Government of the Republic of Cyprus.
Debates of the European Parliament
Without questioning the rapporteur's objectivity in any way, we think that it is questionable, in principle, that the parliamentary rapporteur should come from the same country for which aid is being evaluated.
It is hard to think of a case in which the concept of subsidiarity has so blatantly been ignored.
One last point: the European Parliament needs to have a look at its own staffing policy.
Debates of the European Parliament
There is a need for sensible conversion programmes.
Report (A4-0357/96) by Mr De Clercq, on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of two agreements between the European Community and the State of Israel on procurement by government and telecommunications operators (COM(96)0148 -C4-0323/96-96/0104(CNS))
The Group of the European Radical Alliance wishes to invite Parliament to make progress towards total prohibition of CFC imports into the Euro pean Union.
That is why the report calls for a European supply directive with adequate indemnification provisions.
It will then be proposed that, at the highest ministerial level in the different Councils which are in charge of preparing the Luxembourg Summit - Ecofin and others - the wishes of the various Member States should as far as possible be taken into account.
The last issue dealt with in this survey concerns the fact that Member States were asked which initiatives could be undertaken at the European level in relation to the economic aspects of occupational safety and health.
If the implementation of economic and monetary union and the Euro is accompanied by an overly rapid deregulation this could in fact provoke an overall increase in unemployment and a worsening of the standards of living for a growing, and already too large, number of people in Europe.
I am, for example, in favour of maintaining preferential mechanisms, as long as they contribute to efforts to diversify agricultural production, which is the only way of putting an end to dangerous dependency.
(Loud and sustained applause)
The ambitious plan for combat ing fraud, indefatigably demanded by the European Parliament and well defined by the Commission has broken down because the Council, by its attitude of profound inertia, opposes all progress.
There is still time to put right these points which seem to need to be put right. It is illogical and therefore untenable that the cohesion Fund should pay so little attention to the most peripheral regions.
available to it.
Lingua, which promotes the acquisition of foreignlanguage skills, is also part of the programme.
Parliament shall decide on this proposal without debate.2.
Today, however, after the fall of communism we have for the first time in centuries a real chance to make Europe whole and undivided.
We must also reinforce training and further training.
I have been busy for two and a half years with petitions from European officials calling for equal rights; these were homosexual couples.
Günther (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, I would say to the last but one speaker that Germany has no nuclear weapons, does not wish to have any, and will not have them.
From the point of view of culture, our European cultural, national and regional heritage is available in digital form.
I think that we should create a social system which aims to prevent social dumping, and which facilitates as much mobiüty as possible.
President. - We have made a note of that and we shall check it.
In its action plan, the Commission calls on Parliament and the Council to examine the legislative proposals contained in it as a matter of priority, so that the best possible results can be achieved within the tight timeframe - 18 months, as I said - set out in the document.
') Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes.
This battle must be fought on all levels.
If we are to persuade Europe's consumers to eat more beef and veal and to seU more beef outside the EU, we must ensure that sales are increased, not because of clever marketing, but because purchasers have wellfounded con fidence in the quality of the product.
Some of my hopes here rest on the Dutch presidency.
I hope it will become obligatory when the euro forces our Member State governments to adopt a coordinated European economic policy.
It is our obligation to ensure fair conditions of competition for all shipping companies in the Community of 15.
I agree about the rotating presidency; it should continue.
The cooperation agreement is expected, among other things, to facilitate political dialogue on the consolidation of democratic institutions, respect for human rights, in cluding the rights of minorities, and the promotion of security, peace and stability throughout the whole of Europe, and, more especially, in this sensitive region of the Balkans.
That is when all is said and done a great disincentive.
Important meetings took place in the most intimate composition, even ministers from some thhd world countries were denied access to these meeting rooms.
This has been followed up by several resolutions and now we have the Eriksson report on a campaign against violence against women.
I have always maintained that it is perfectly possible to evaluate progress.
They did not, therefore, vote for the places to which they had been expelled, but for thefr places of origin.
No: action against racism, xenophobia and anti-semitism must adopt a multidisciplinary approach, appealing to actors from toe most varied backgrounds, and in particular from community life, the last resort when all others have demonstrated their inability to get to grips with these problems.
nature protection
For how can we judge whether or not European funds are being efficiently spent if there are no criteria by which they can be tested?
Secondly, the priority that ought to be given to small, independent publishers. I should also add that our amendments concerning the creation of a data bank to promote coproductions, and for the creation of a diction
The same applies to the automotive industry and, therefore, although the general regime allows this kind of compensation for transport, it is not allowed for sectors such as steel and the automotive industry.
I would ask the Council to take seriously the Commission proposal, namely for a ban with effect from 1 January 1998.1 wish to ask the President-in-Office of the Council when it wiU be put on the agenda and how the Presidency intends to prepare this for the coming Fisheries Council.
Tindemans (PPE), rapporteur. - (NL) Mr President, I should just like to say a few words before we vote on Amendments Nos 2, 3 and 4.
Van den Broek tion must also be given, wherever the need arises, to providing information for members of parliament as well.
Two final points. The European Parliament is rightly emphasizing its links with Asia.
The report of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights highlights, from the general standpoint, the simultaneity of legitimate interests to be protected - the interests of the industries involved - but, above all, the interests of consumers and also aspects which are not purely economic: for example, aspects relating to the rapid develop ment of technology, or sociological aspects, such as the degree to which each of us identifies with a particular telephone number, the disruption involved for all users -individuals or companies - when a telephone number has to be changed, since this involves an enormous cost which we have to avoid, hence the need for a measure such as the portability or transportability of numbers to be effective. tive.
I hope that this forum, which was instigated at Canada's initiative last October, wiU lead some way or other by the end of this year to like minded countries supporting a convention. I regret that land mines wiU not feature prominently in the disarmament conference, as also happened in 1995 and 1996.
Safety regime for fishing vessels
Ireland Luxembourg Netherlands Portugal Sweden United Kingdom
I would like to point out - for Terry Wynn's benefit too - toat there were no losses identifiable in the Irish situation.
Parliament participates in drafting European Union laws, along with the Commission and the Council.
The power of the purse
They do not in principle require 'levelling up' to the level of. the hitherto more favoured group, nor do they require the setting of particular levels of pension.
Instead, in our communication on services of general interest, we advocated that a reference should be inserted in Article 3 of the present Treaty to the effect that a specific activity of the Community should be a contribution to the promotion of services of general interest.
We need therefore to establish clearly the distinction between the discovery of something that exists in nature and an invention that is the product of human activity with a well-defined objective.
The interim agreement also contains provisions on observ­ing the principles of democracy and respect for human rights.
I must say that the Commission shares the rapporteur's concern that the EIS Convention is deadlocked in the Council of Ministers and our disquiet is all the more marked because of the clear link between the EIS Convention and the Convention on Controls on External Frontiers.
But that cannot be imposed.
But you are a well-known constitutionalist.
This is likewise the principle underlying the Florence framework agreement, which was adopted by consensus by the Heads of State and Government.
And we would give a bad impression - and even worse, abuse the democratic mandate bestowed on us by our electors - if we failed to condemn these, events.
The role of the Commission at this stage is to Usten.
The transport industry is faced with almost insuperable problems.
I think, however, that following yesterday's session notable progress has been made over issues of fighting social exclusion.
de Silguy, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, the Commission is keeping a close watch on the matters raised by honourable Members regarding the former Yugoslavia.
I shall now explain the Commission's stance on Parliament's amendments here in second reading.
Patijn. - (NL) I shall be happy to pass on Mr Medina Ortega's comments to toe European Monetary Institute.
The government leaders and the French President tried to establish a position on security as early as the Lisbon summit in 1992.
The Ombudsman cannot make inquiries into actions taken by authorities of the Member States (whether at national, regional or local level).
"The better people from the customs services tend to get to DG XXI.
Former Member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
Will there come a day when medicine is an exact science? Obviously not.
So for once I will depart from the my group's position and vote against conditional censure.
Debates of the European Parliament
This results from the interaction of two different but closely overlap ping causes: toe opening of our frontiers without precautions and toe relatively high level of our wages and social charges.
Formerly on the national staff of the CGIL (Italian General Labour Confederation).
Public transport and state aid, p. 91
The new system proposes temporary abandonment for a period of 12 years, with a premium of 40 % of the permanent abandonment premium, and the abandonment may be the subject of a transfer as referred to in Article 7(2), second subparagraph, of Regulation 822/87, or replanting within a period of eight years after grubbingup.
Green (PSE). - Mr President, you will recollect in the Conference of Presidents the almost overwhelming agree ment and view of the group leaders that this was a particularly sensitive, particularly complex and particu larly delicate issue at this point in time.
Votes, p.
Turning now to coordination of the Commission's activities, this Parliament, as you know, with many resolutions of its own, and, also, the Court of Auditors have urged the Commission to make Directorate-General XXIII responsible for coordinating its activities with a view to providing transparency and good use of the budget and to ensuring that the tourism sector is provided with a specific policy with priorities and objectives.
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
I would urge the Commission to take up this matter, and to generate a debate on compulsory and supplementary health schemes as they affect the population as a whole.
Question No 74 by John Iversen (H-0437/97) Subject: Hormones in meat
It is strange that of all the countries in the world, the European Union has no bilateral agreements with either the United States or Japan.
Further to the call for evidence in connection with the work of the European Parliament's Temporary Committee of Inquiry into the Community transit system (OJ C 60, 29.02.1996, p.
We must not be content just to knock together short term solutions, which often end in increased insecurity for those who are most fragile.
Wibe (PSE). - (SV) Madam President, let me briefly congratulate Mr Ford on a truly excellent report and on what I believe is a significant and lasting contribution here in Parliament.
Of course you are free to frown, Madam, but you have no reason to.
They should be logically linked to each other and should be specific, measurable and realistic given the duration of the project.
I hope there will be plenty of men around when I need care at the end of my life.
You are familiar with the drama of the Social Charter.
We do not want to over-dramatize, but that is how we felt.
I now come to the institutional issues which have aroused so much comment.
* the cost to trade of this "paper chase" in both time and resources, is becoming commercially unacceptable
I should like now to mention the institutional pact.
They buüd on the com plexity of the historic cultural legacy of many miUennia of interaction in the Mediterranean.
The Customs authorities will have less administrative work, whilst obtaining greater control over the transit procedure.
Members of the Thematic Network Group on National Priorities and Programmes
Do you regularly call on the assistance of UCLAF?
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
In conclusion, therefore, an indication of the form future cooperation between the European Parliament and European Central Bank should take would be especially important for us.
Who would have thought a killing trap might, temporarily, reduce welfare to a very low level!
It may be due to something the outside contractor has done or to the slowness of the Commission's own procedures.
That is why article 3.2 of the Commission's proposal seems excessive and without legal basis, and was unanimously rejected by the Committee on Fisheries.
I can prove to you that in these kind of cases we have always operated in a coherent and openminded way.
White (PSE). - Mr President, I wish to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on the splendid negotiations which she undertook in the Conciliation Committee.
Flourishing trade between the EU and third countries is inconceivable without transit procedures. All concerned - the customs administration, importers and exporters and forwarding agents - need the transit system.
• Having received numerous petitions on animal welfare, the European Parliament has succeeded in furthering progress towards adequate EU legislation in this area.
It should furthermore be borne in mind that the police, prosecution service and courts are all overburdened, leading to severe practical difficulties in dealing with a mass of evidence and information and adding extra delays on top of those already built into the system.
The treaty also permits other actions complementary to those carried out by the States in toe area of consumer protec­tion.
However, there are still reasons for concern.
These standards of course are not to be found in the feudal conditions which exist in Latin American plantations.
Parallel editions will also be appearing in the following official languages of the Union: Danish, German, Greek, Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch and Portuguese.
♦ teaching assignments for EU teachers in the partner country institution and vice versa;
The founders of SWU have the rights for the exploitation of the original concept and the know­how to bring it to fruition.
• The Heads of State or Government of the Member States, and the President of the Commission, meet at least twice a year in the European Council.
The first relates to informa tion policy.
Then it is to stop for six months, after which it will be set up again.
Do you not think that dissuasive or preventive measures would have sufficed?
21.01.1955 Bank employee Italy AN MEP: 19.07.1994 NI
We cannot conceive the pursuit of agricultural reforms or the reform of structural policies without taking into consideration, at the same time, en largement or financial constraints.
The take­up rate for these appropriations has so far been highly satisfactory, since, in the period 1994­1996, it exceeded projections for those years, and also surpassed 50 % of total appropriations for the CSF for the entire period 1994­1999.
Parliament must therefore be consulted before any future decisions by the CouncU on the restoration of tariff preferences, as rightly proposed by the rapporteur, Mrs Theorin. A legal basis exists for this to happen.
Secondary school-leaving certificate in classical subjects.
This motion of censure is welcome news for the British Government which has consistently tried to divert the attention of the British public away from then own government's primary responsibUity for this entire crisis by trying to blame toe European Commission for toe failings of their own Ministers and pubUc servants charged with responsibUity for food safety policy.
In one case, the business changed hands after the vouchers had been supplied but before the irregular transit operations were carried out.
If, for any reason, the procedure is not correctly complied with, the principal has to pay all customs duties.
It should be noted, however, that the very high level of preference granted to the ACP countries has not made it possible to promote and diversify exports from those countries - exports which continue to be largely based on commodities and geared to the European market.
As President of the Commission, I wish to assume the responsibility of the Commission before the House and explain how I see matters.
The time has come to stamp on the brake - which is up to toe IGC - and halt this perverse mechanism which toe Council, out of weakness, is allowing to develop; a mechanism whereby every crisis, every failure by the supranational bodies serves as a pretext for toe seizure of additional powers and resources.
Ewing (ARE). - Madam President, the point at issue is that the Legal Affairs Committee did not put the documents before the committee members.
Since then, the Community has grown to a point where it now has 15 members and is contemplating further enlargement.
The decision depends on ParUament and the CouncU of Ministers. Now toere are no excuses.
However, the Commission did neither organize nor formally host the meeting.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is absolutely not clear to me why the Commission had to wait so long in making this announcement, when the Council was quite able to take a decision on the matter.
Someone said that our interests there are different from those of the Americans, but if this is true, it only applies to certain details.
These are the problems of corruption and the reason that we need safeguards put into place.
Firstly, on the subject of Kosovo, the situation there is indeed characterized by serious violations of human rights and ongoing frustration of the legitimate political aspirations of Kosovo Albanians, and it continues to be one of the main sources of concern for the European Union in that region.
Seventh and last, the European Parliament must set a good example.
Parliament can see the risks inherent in this prospect: the possible destruction of the balance between states, of cohesion, the possible seeds of fragmentation of the Union, of the very fabric of Europe.
What is to be transferred to the first pillar, and what must on no account be transferred to it?
And here lies the source of the problem.
Given that the Community does not have full competence in matters of external policy, it seems to me very dangerous to introduce a dual procedure, and I think it is preferable to wait until jurisdiction develops in accordance with United Nations law rather than introduce this ambiguous situation.
We should therefore be trying to ensure that other forces join us in toe peacemaking venture in Algeria.
For the Fifteen, that is a 15 % increase over that period, concentrated in the least favoured regions of the cunent Union.
1 Exchange rate and GNP of year mentioned by Member State. no year was provided 1995 was taken as base year (data source: Eurostat, Facts through figures, 1997).
So I really would ask you to give this serious consideration and to create a programme that is transparent and also usable by newcomers.
As Members have already said in this debate, this does not cover the transitting ships.
We also enjoyed excellent cooperation with the European Commission, and the constructive and intensive support we received from the Council Secretariat also deserves a special mention.
Free and immediate access to information, i.e. in the human genome project, is the prerequisite for the beneficial use of this information.
Approval of the Minutes
The processing of such data is in principle prohibited except where the subject of the information (and with genetic data there may be several data subjects because the same data will relate in part to all members of the same genetic line) has given his/her explicit consent (and even in such circumstances a Member State may choose not to lift the prohibition) or where another of the limited number of narrow exceptions applies.
Stolen or invalis customs stamps have been used, as well as false declarations of destination or goods.
Report of proceedings from 17 to 21 February 1997
ing Turkey, the Balkans, nuclear weapon policy and so on.
Statement to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System
Following the adoption of the Interinstitutional Agreement, and according to its provisions, the Parliament amended its Rules of Procedure to include specific arrangements for committees of inquiry (Rule 136).
Debates of the European Parliament
But we still cannot vote for the report as it includes acceptance of what we refer to as the stability pact, a pact which we consider to be damaging for the economy and which will mean that unemployment in the EU will remain permanently at a high level.
Which system is more exposed to fraud, the transit procedure or the TIR procedure?
You will know, Mr President, as former chairman of this delegation, that the strengthening of political, 'economic and industrial links has become essential with the third millennium in sight.
If this were not possible, the guideline would not be worth the paper it is printed on.
Former head of the depart­ment of cardiovascular surgery of the Pitié-Salpêtrière hospital group.
Debates of the European Parliament
Southern Africa is home to 50 % of the total population of the species.
But that protest serves mainly to distract attention from the federalist reality of this text; if adopted, the questions of the movement of persons, asylum, immigration, would be removed from national competences and fall within the Community scope, with the Commission holding the monopoly of initiative, the Court of Justice the power of interpretation and majority decisionmaking with the Council (unless it acts unanimously with codecision by the European Parliament).
The process of transfening shared competences to the European Union has not been accompanied by develop ments in the leading role of the social partners.
Imbeni (PSE). - (IT) Mr President, I would like to ask the Commissioner what criteria were used to establish the Commission's forecasts for the Italian, French and German deficits, which the International Monetary Fund and certain German institutes put at the same level of 3.2 %.
The expansion of combined transport lies at the heart of the redeployment process and the new development of transport.
This applies equally to social security benefits.
We have not only made Europe for capital and goods. We have also made it for the movement of people, especially the young, and I would therefore be very grateful if you could help us with this operation of convincing the Member States of the utility of this programme.
Holds a diploma in accounting and foreign trade.
I beUeve that the resolution under consideration today and our continuing discussions are primarily a means of expressing' Parliament's desire to press on in its quest for further action concerning the former Yugoslavia.
These incidents are occurring so frequently as to constitute a threat, in themselves, to international transactions.
There are currently particularly serious environmental problems in the Baltic Sea.
In 8 other European countries (') about 550 cases are reported in total of which roughly half in Switzerland (257) and one third in Ireland.
0 Mayor of Varese (since 1993).
Special attention must be paid to lifelong learning and adult education.
In the Belgian budget for years our problem was to prevent expenditure going off the rails and to remedy it. In Europe the situation is somewhat different.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Opening of annual session, p. 3 - 2.
My second point concerns the growing belief that Europol needs to be given power to act on its own initiative. It would use that power not to displace national police forces, but rather to have optimal scope for action - not as a European FBI, but simply as a European police authority with responsibility for certain serious crimes which have a European dimension.
Furthermore, there seems to be an increasing interest among administrations in using administrative fines themselves instead of, or in addition to, bringing offenders to court.
At the same time, the EU emphasized that the continued strengthening of ties between the EU and Turkey depended on a number of factors, including the matter of respect for human rights.
I cannot conclude without thanking the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media and in particular its rapporteur, Mrs Nicole Fontaine, nor the shadow rapporteur, Mr Luciano Vecchi, the chairman of the Committee.
Another point I want to make is that Mr Hallam seems to suggest that we might continue with this system after monetary union has been put in place.
It is good for people's work if there is someone at home who cares about the worker.
NOTE TO READER
In theory, 432 billion Ecu will have to be paid at the borders.
Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 2000
Just two comments to finish up: I would Uke her to use Article 129A, more often, as this is a weapon which she has at her disposal and which she has not used so far.
Finland and Sweden, for example, have an entirely new objective area, the Objective 6 area, and we have no Objective 1 areas at all.
Instead of these two premia, which are justified in a fifteen member European Union where 50 % of the honey marketed in the world is imported, 80 000 tonnes imported into Germany and 10 000 tonnes imported into France, the European Commission is only granting a budgetary credit of 15 million ECU, 11.6 miUion for combating varroa.
Hautala (V). - (FI) Mr President, the Amsterdam Treaty certainly provides new tools for improving equality, and must be regarded as a gain for women in general.
All in all the Liberal Group concludes that it is a good idea to take a collective approach to our relations with Transcaucasia and that the rapporteur's ideas emphatically deserve the support of the House.
We cannot on any grounds support this appeal to the government conference to have it made a Community matter.
The mandataire, firstly Dieter Obst and later Louis Van Eylen, was in charge of carrying out certain tasks and was entitled for those purposes to exercise, under the authority of the administrative council, some of the functions and powers of the President.
We must all take part in those efforts and it is in that spirit that my Group agrees to accept the Commission's proposals.
Direct necessary financial means to a supra national investigation body for investigation into customs fraud and contraband.
Report (A4-0193/97) by Mr Spencer, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and defence Policy, on progress in implementing the common for eign and security policy (January to December 1996)
This administrative develop ment project, known as the SEM 2000, aims to rationaüze administration and create a new administrative and budget culture for the Commission.
The wish is that preparation for enlargement be successful at the December Council meeting.
Todini (UPE), rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, I should first like to thank Honourable Members, and especially the Commissioner, for having shown such detailed under standing of the fundamental aspects of this report.
President. - No, Mr Provan.
This can be done only if it has not been possible to establish the place where the offence or irregularity occurred, and that would require customs to carry out more thorough investigations than they had done in this case.
There is one thing I do hope you will achieve, namely to give this Parliament a profile of its own at the time of the intergovernmental conference, a profile that is clearly and distinctly dissociated from government interests.
Escudero (PPE). - (ES) Mr President, I should just like to thank the Commissioner for his reply, which has clarified things greatly for me.
Results
But if Europe wishes to play a political role in the eastern section of the Meditenanean basin, we need to step up the political dialogue with Turkey.
In fact, as we know, transatlantic solidarity has been an indispensable element in maintaining peace, liberty and stability.
This must be made more efficient.
And the societal implications include misuse, pornography, etc., applications, health, education. What a big advantage we have with our linguistic variety, including two world languages, English and Spanish - and I must say French of course, with Mrs Cresson here.
The difference is 'that in December 1995, we could have thrashed things out around the table and now, all we can do is make a protest on paper.
ASEAN's cred­ibtiity wUl only be damaged if Burma is offered member­ship of this prestigious South­East Asian club in the near future.
In her report, Mrs Miranda offers an exhaustive explanation of the structure and the potentials of this agreement.
Members will find enclosed a second contribution to the European Parliament's Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System from Mr Jean DUQUESNE, President of ODASCE, Paris.
Luxembourg k» financial incentives exist to the extent that claims costs are linked to premium levels.
Wohlfart. - (FR) There is no special problem for the areas which you have just mentioned.
I believe that that sentence alone is sufficient for us to reject the entire document. We discussed that in commit tee.
The recitals appear to imply that the Regulation is intended to lay down the conditions under which goods may be placed under a customs regime.
I should be grateful if, in discussions of this kind where an explanation is required, the chairman of the committee could be given an opportunity to provide this at the outset, because then everyone could take account of it during the debate.
Because of the Front national demonstration due to take place here in Strasbourg in March we heard this morning Mr Gollnisch making an impassioned plea for tolerance, and freedom of speech.
The proposal contains the desire to progress to wards harmonisation, and the proposed harmonisation is well thought out in view of the problems which can arise.
(Parliament adopted the resolution) *
My difficulties are shared by the other British Members.
The cost of this programme year on year is probably considerably less than is lost to the Community by fraud and incompetence.
There is no intention to build a lot more nuclear power stations.
Jobs, sustaining good business and political good sense are a recipe for growth.
Marin, Vice-President of the Commission. - (ES) Madam President, Ladies and Gentlemen, an unchanging aspect of European Union policy regarding China has been the importance accorded human rights.
The scale (some 18 million Tl and 2*4 million TIR movements occur annually) and complexity of the system makes it almost impossible to quantify accurately the loss of revenues and potential damage to existing businesses.
It would be inappropriate and confusing if the Commission was to accept the inclusion of such provisions in Directive 93/75 while discussions could resume at any time in Council on similar requirements as described in EuroRep.
Cox (ELDR), in writing. - I welcome the serious challenge to toe European Commission* by the European Parliament to clean up its act on BSE.
The two essential factors for that security, as inseparable as the two sides of a coin, are the economic development of the countries of the southern and eastern Mediterranean, and the control of migration flows.
I shall vote against an immedi ate vote of censure, but President Santer knows that the jury is out on the reform programme he has outlined today.
The European Parliament has given its opinion and now it is up to the Council to give its.
I also think the Commission should establish an overall text defining the legislative framework for telecommunications in a clear and easily perceptible way.
I am delighted to see that not only the Commissioner, the Latin America expert, is here but also the new vicepresident of Parliament who is a member of my Group.
Did it have anything to do with the election?
Minister of State for Communications (1979-1982).
If, contrary to what we decide, that does happen, we shall have to take legal action, and, if necessary, if the Spanish Government has not acted legally, it will have to compensate for the damage its actions have caused.
The Scotch Whisky industry is a massive export earner for the European Union (EU).
To prevent this situation from arising, a conciliation committee (made up of Members of Parliament, the Council and the Commission) is convened to seek a compromise before Parliament's third reading.
Today we export 40 % of our goods to the hard-core countries of the European Union and 28.5 % to the British market.
I also dispute that there is any form of final assembly operation in the factory in Umeå. I consider myself something of an expert on the issue as I worked there for five years as a cab fitter.
During this debate on antipersonnel mines, 25 people are likely to be killed by such a weapon.
We nevertheless wish to place on record our regret that they contain some suggestions which are unlikely to help women, and risk bringing the EP's work for women into disrepute.
For this very reason, and not because of issues which have nothing to do with this debate, as far as Lannoye report is concerned, I should like sincerely to congratulate him on his work. It was not simple, especially given the narrowmindedness of certain opponents.
University Management
Around one hundred Moroccan projects were selected and theh particulars included in a catalogue distributed in the Member States with a view to stimulating technical, commercial and financial cooperation.
We must guard against the tendency to introduce new legislation, particularly at European level, which increases the overall costs of production in our industry and threatens the job security of everybody ultimately employed in the industry.
But I think that the great majority of speakers also advocated continuing our cooperation with Algeria and I should like to stress toe importance of toat again.
This is the reason why we wish to see the maximum control possible over grants provided to different nongovernmental associations and organizations.
Ephremidis (GUE/NGL). - (EL) Mr President, a deluge of words and a dearth of meaning - that is what one could say about the debating of this whole matter. Council proposals, Commission proposals, long-winded speeches by the President-in-Office and the Commissioner, three reports and an oral question.
European studies
♦ other higher education institutions may be considered eligible only if this is indicated in the respective country­specific priorities, which are listed in Annex 3 ­ Priorities for the partner countries;
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0119/97) by Mr Anastassopoulos, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, on the Commission Green Paper: Legal protection for encrypted services in the internal market - Consultation on the need for Community action.
On the other hand, it is also a mistake to use compliance with the conver gence criteria as an excuse to cut back social security and in that way also indirectly mortgage the employment policy.
Especially not when I have had to listen to Mrs Roth-Berendt saying on a news broadcast, 'Well, Commissioner Bangemann has had his ears boxed.' OK, if that was what happened, maybe you should be wondering whether you might not have boxed your own ears.
This should be signed jointly by the project Coordinator and by the person who is legally authorised to represent the coordinating institution (e.g. rector, director etc.).
PRIORITIES FOR THE PARTNER COUNTRIES
The same can be said for some of the ideas outlined by Mrs Randzio-Plath.
In that report, the Commission emphasized the need 'to guarantee longterm support for the poorest regions' and 'to support the process of adjustment affecting different regions, local communities and social groups, to accelerate their adaption to new circumstances and to promote employment'.
I think that today's debate bears witness to that.
Allow me to highlight a few.
The EU must surely be cautious in making no commitment to phase out subsidies for tobacco in the knowledge that all research points to its harmful effects on the health of its users, passive recipients of smoke fumes from others and children whose mothers smoke during pregnancy.
Debates of the European Parliament
I can only warn the Commission against that; it is not only democracy that would suffer.
All in all, to quote the Head of the Commission's antifraud unit, UCLAF, Swiss facilities and secrecy laws are "a boon to fraudsters".25
Taubira-Delanon (ARE). - (FR) Madam President, the decision by the Israeli Government has to be seen in a specific context.
Particular difficulties are involved in trade with third countries as, of course, Community directives do not directly apply as law within those countries.
The fact, I mean, that the European Parliament has this committee which is now able to protect and promote the rights of the citizen in concert with the institution of the European Ombudsman.
We particularly welcome the activities and events being arranged in connection with the European Year against Racism. It will
5.3 Eligible Participants
University studies in social studies and information technology.
Rovsing opinion that high environmental standards will give rise to innovation in the area of new technologies to the great benefit of mankind. We call on the Commission, among others, to prioritize its proposals and to make EU research more innovation-orientated.
It is now a relatively simple matter to track any vehicle to an accuracy of ten metres using satellite-based GPS (Global Positioning System) technology.
Practically every point places the emphasis on increased supranationality within the EU.
I also found the closing remarks made by the Commissioner a little out of order.
Chairman of the Algarve Region Socialist Federation.
Moveras Irias de Bes (PPE).'- (ES) Mr President, Commissioner, subsidiarity and proportionality are binding rules of a constitutional nature which regulate the exercise of competencies shared between the Community and the Member States.
♦ subject area within the specific country priorities.
The CPVO reported on the financial situation of the Office, on the intention to elaborate a proposal to modify the fees structure under the Community system and the intention of the Office to involve breeder organisations in these discussions.
Mr Hallam's report comes at just the right time.
If the current level of risk continues and no appropriate measures are taken soon, the whole transit regime could break down.
It will therefore be necessary to complete the structure of the Centre so that it can begin 1998 on a solid basis.
The Commission therefore means to end this round of consultations and settle the position or present a new proposal by the end of the year.
It should be pointed out, however, that the 100% guarantee for transit operations should not be seen as an antifraud measure, but purely and simply as a measure to protect tax revenue.
The biotechnology industry is generating substantial added value in economic terms and is providing innovative breakthrough therapies for diseases that were untreatable up to now.
Paasio (PSE). ­ (FI) Madame Chairman, when three new Member States joined the EU at the beginning of 1995 the tradition of military neutrality in the Union was strongly reinforced.
He is threatening war against a Member State of the European Union, and in the face of this threat of war we hear neither any protest nor any
The institutionalization of a process of interinstitutional decision making, as proposed by Mrs Randzio-Plath, and integrating the Council, Commission and the European Parliament, will give the citizens of Europe the guarantee that rigour will be allied with growth and job-creation.
It is an interesting question. I would like to answer it later on, either during question time if that is possible or later on, in writing.
I hope the Commission will be able to accept these amendments, as indeed they accepted many of the first reading amend ments.
Honorary President of France Transplant.
Secretary - Court of Auditors and Court of Justice of :he EC; European Parliament (1993-1995); Travel Agent (1983-1993)
Furthermore, we have learned that within the last few hours the anti-government insurgents have apparently begun to march on Tirana.
Bontempi (PSE). - (IT) Mr President, I think we are all aware that we are involved in a difficult and innovative operation, constructing a basic element of European citizenship represented by the legal and judiciary area.
The national ombudsmen
So when Bulgaria and Turkey are in Europe, what will we do then, Mr Soulier?
And the increased volume of traffic may result in the EU being unable to meet its international obligations as regards the emissions.
This means that it will be possible to protect genes, or to put in another way, life itself, with a patent without even knowing if there is potential industrial use.
At that time, the Industrial Revolution could not have yet been having any significant effect.
These instruments properly define GDP and there is nothing to add to the Stability and Growth Pact on that score.
Ethical assessment of cUnical trials is governed by differ ent laws or regulations in each country, and it is true that this area falls within national competence.
In its report of 9 October 1996 on the development of relations with Turkey since customs union came into force, the Commission described the human rights situation and the democratization process in Turkey.
(The House rose and observed a minute's silence)
It will not stop that except in the case of countries that have expressly refused to receive such consignments, and that they are entitled to do.
Especially in the Baltic region, there is a need both for closer cooperation and for the rapid acceptance of new Member States.
Debates of the European Parliament
And presenting this appalling press release of 16 December at the end of the investigations, as if this committee of inquiry had never existed, struck me as an insult.
This is not the first time that the European Parliament has expressed itself on this subject.
We in this House cannot debate Burma every month, but we must think how we can help the Burmese people every day until they are free, and this report and these proposals are a part of that process.
The reason for this was that preparation work for the Intergovernmental Conference had already commenced and more and more people were beginning to realise the need for a radical overhaul of the total cooperation on Justice and Home Affairs, in other words, the cooperation within the Third Pillar.
The farming industry would therefore do well to recognise' that this method may be used for making environmentally friendly investments.
As far as the financial aspects of the regulation are concerned, the Commission perceives the need to provide specific financial support for implementation of the sur veillance system and will therefore make full use of the financial instruments available to it; within the limits of current resources, priority will therefore be given to implementing satellite controls.
0 Three terms of office in the Senate (1983-1994); Chair of the Senate Committee on Health (1992-1994).
Here again, Parliament would have been well advised, in the light of toe appalling errors made in the United Kingdom, to be much more vehement in caUing for Europe's farmers to be compensated by toe British government, toe manufacturers of the bonemeal and toe exporters.
Debates of the European Parliament
Throughout the last three years in this Assembly, I have frequently heard talk of the duty to interfere.
On the contrary, The group of advisers on ethics has proved itself to be a group of hired applauders of the European Commission, and its job is simply to create acceptance for gene technology and biomedicine.
In conclusion, the challenge to this House is Anglo-American law and whether Anglo-American law will supersede the European model. I hope and trust this House will reject that proposition.
That, of course, is inherent in the philosophy contained within the concept of sustainable development, a philosophy which calls on us to view all our actions and political decisions in the particular context of their future complex effects and side effects.
There is little point in lamenting the inadequate implementation of the existing Directive - yes, there is one!
Special attention will be given to proposals involving more than one higher education institution from the country.
Former President of the Western European Union.
Any act or demonstration of that kind increases confusion and uncertainty in the fight against terrorism, and any encouragement of the phenomenon should not only be banned, but should also be prosecuted under the criminal law.
Evans (PSE). - Mr President, firstly, may I refer to the remarks that Mrs Gonzalez Alvarez has just made about military service.
On 4 and 5 November 1997 the CPVO organised its first annual meeting with representatives of examination offices in Angers.
But I think that this is a very important step in the right direction.
Educational changes on their own cannot bring about socio-economic changes but inequalities will disappear to a large extent with education and training, since they make it easier for people to obtain better jobs and thus promote greater equality.
Motion for a resolution further to Oral Question B4-0018/97 pursuant to Rule 40(5) of the Rules of Procedure by Mr Berthu on behalf of the I-EDN Group on the Intergovernmental Conference
The definition takes into account not only the quantitative sustainability but also the ecological sustainability of forestry.
Shipowners must take advantage of the fact that present fleets are quite old, and speed up the process of their replacement.
By the way, I am also delighted that he is in good health and back with us again.
It is in fact a very important part of the role of environmental organizations to influence public opinion.
"In order to facilitate the detection of fraudulently discharged TIR Carnets and to accelerate the discharge procedure, Contracting Parties may wish to create, as far as possible and in line with national requirements, centralised offices or procedures for the administration of TIR Carnets"; that the participants have become more junior in rank: originally the Directors General of Customs came, but over time there has been a tendency for less senior officials to be sent from national capitals and from the Commission; and that the decision-making process is dominated by a small number of members of the committee with the EU members states in particular tending to leave the talking to relatively junior officials of the Commission.
That has been referred to again in speeches today.
Since we are inter ested in ensuring the development of crossborder mobility within the European Union, we are also interested in making it possible for workers to take benefits from their own Member State with them when they go to reside temporarily in another Member State.
It requires looking at switching social expenditure from passive to more active models.
Regarding the utilization of the appropriations, it is clear that the considerable shortfaU in take-up of the PHARE and TACIS appropriations should make us seriously con sider redeploying those appropriations which are not used.
This then is what I propose: a staged reform, particularly as regards toe introduction of toe data bases which, if they are to be reliable, have continually to have data fed into them by a substantial percentage of producers.
This is what the Amsterdam Summit asked us to do; to regard unemployment and job creation as a matter of common concern.
On external action, the Commission really does have to take heed of paragraphs 27 and 28.
To spend time now assessing what happened would be a sterile exercise.
I hope that we are going to make substantial progress in Amsterdam.
B4-0433/97 by Mr Dimitrakopoulos and others, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party, on han.
Report (A4­0083/97) by Mrs Dybkjær, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, on the communication from the Commission on a common platform: guidelines for European Union preparation for the United Nations General Assembly Special Session to be held in New
Question No 42 by Vassilis Ephremidis (H-0099/97) Subject: Implementing shipping safety rales
But what will he do if he leaves France via an internal Community border where, in principle, these checks would no longer exist?
That is why we should not forget that these aims are already enshrined in Article 119, which constituted the legal base for action on equality issues in the labour market. Hopefully it is going to be expanded upon in the revision of the Treaty.
I had to disregard some of them because they would have distorted the clear line I wished to take in my report, or because they tended too far towards privatization of the social security system.
Nevertheless - and I am asking you this on behalf of the EPP Group too -please take our views and wishes seriously!
It is these differences between North and South, East and West which, on the whole, make a joint forestry policy inappropriate.
Today, unfortunately, the increased trend towards the restoration of the death penalty is all too obvious, and the reasons for this return to a mediaeval form of punishment are:
Adjournment of the session
There have been a number of articles on just how close the report has come to striking at the sensitivities of the advertising profession.
It is important to realize that flexibiUty is not painless or free of charge and that pubUc funding - properly and scrupulously audited and designed to encourage productive retraining of human resources - wiU continue to be essential.
Faced with that the European Union has not to date come up with any global approach to the problems underscored by the island regions.
The number of subjects chosen shall be such as to allow a debatecommensurate with their importance and shall not exceed five.
Marin, Vice-President of the Commission. - (ES) Mr President, on behalf of the Commission I should like to thank Parliament for its efforts to ensure that the conciliation procedure produced the results which have permitted this compromise between the three institutions.
This week, all these years later, the French paper Le Figaro talks of Azerbaijan as the Kuwait of the Caucasus.
This participation may take a variety of forms, including one or more of the following:
Sandbæk (I-EDN). - (DA) Madam President, it is high time we started using the enormous wealth of knowledge and experience that aheady exists, instead of constantly setting up new bodies with new personnel who have to start from scratch again.
Or does the council prefer to make changes in the actual Treaty during the Intergovernmental Conference?
That commit tee of inquiry came to the conclusion that what is at the heart of our common internal tariff is fraud-prone and error-prone.
For that reason, I commend the idea that the House should compile a report on coastal and island regions on its own initiative and that the report - or both reports, if we treat each type of region separately -should be tabled for discussion by the House as quickly as possible.
As concerns the Monitoring Committee for Racism and Xenophobia referred to in the debate, the Commission made a proposal for a Council Regulation on 27th November last year and the Dublin Council called for the adoption under the Dutch presidency.
Debates of the European Parliament
Brittan, Sir Leon, Vice-President of the Commission. -The Commission welcomes the recent anest by S-FOR of a suspected war criminal.
The negotiation of a compromise regarding the conclusion of a multilateral agreement on investment'would give further guarantees to foreign investors who are looking to establish themselves on the Japanese market. In this context, the programme of deregulation, commenced by Japan in March 1995, represents a starting point in terms of a global agreement that could also include the details of a mutual recognition of products.
I think that this must be a political priority.
How ever, I think the hatchet might now be buried, since when you were given the full support of the PPE Group to have these six amendments carried, you did indeed secure that, although that too was no easy matter.
This accusation underpins the 'irrefutable logic' which inevitably leads on to blinkered Communitization in the form of the establishment of a European customs service.
LIST OF AGENCIES, OFFICES, BODIES AND INSTITUTIONS SERVED BY THE TRANSLATION CENTRE
In the first place and as regards the institutional questions, one basic conclusion needs to be borne in mind: the planned amendments to the Treaty are fully within the spirit of Maastricht and do not take the slightest account of the marked reservations and mounting opposition which has grown up and is still growing up on all fronts.
Support system for producers of arable crops, p. 296 -3.
The aim of this resolution is to send some positive ideas to the Tunisian Government, and not just to express condemnation.
As the rapporteur emphasizes, the economic embargo imposed on Armenia because of toe conflict in Nagorny Karabakh must be lifted without fail!
By thus lowering toe cost of toe product, the British government and some industrialists made this meal lethal!
On 1 January 1999 a new currency will come into existence - the Euro.
I am referring to organisations such as the European Investment Bank, the ECIP and AL-Invest, from which I infer directly that the European Union is in favour of the development aid being granted.
process in which Europeans have not always been able to identify their real interests.
The elections which have recently been held in a number of Member States should ensure this is the case.
A legal framework will have to be created in which a ranking of liabilities is established, based on types of offenders.
There is a need to conclude the agreements stipulated in the accession treaties and to complete the review process promised by Commissioner Bjerregaard, as ParUament has already decided.
Baldarelli (PSE). - (IT) Mr President, Commissioner, the international fisheries agreements certainly have an economic and commercial value, there is no getting away from that, but they must also be compatible with cooperation and development policies.
CONTRIBimON TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY ON FRAUD IN TRANSIT BY THE FREIGHT TRANSPORT ASSOCIATION
Six years ago during the last Luxembourg Presidency I had the opportunity of holding talks with the European Parliament on the same subject of interest to us today and unfortunately it has to be admitted that the same problems remain.
Debates of the European Parliament
Our net export of forestry products is approximately 70 billion Crowns which corresponds to 8 billion ECUs.
I believe that Mr Medina Ortega's report, this splendid report, gives the answer.
It is worth developing these possibiUties further, provided that a number of statutory conditions are applied.
I think it would be wise for all our information programmes - and I men tioned earlier the programme for the Euro, for economic and monetary union - to target women more specifically.
The European Parliament is regularly informed by the Presidency and the Commission of developments in the Union's foreign and security policy.
It has no proper perspective and it will generate uncertainty among producers because they are being placed in an annual planning framework and forced to put up with an inadequate time horizon while waiting for the new arrangements.'
Subject: Reduction in the amount earmarked for the common fisheries policy in the preliminary draft budget for 1998
This shows where a development can lead with political support, and it is surely one that we all welcome.
Those in favour of a United Europe see the application of this principle as part ' of this political objective.
So it is good that the emphasis is being placed on projects both within the EU and outside, for example in Eastern Europe and the third world.
In the first place, there are the direct effects for a specific industrial sector - the transport/freight forwarding sector.
Here, that means coal, nuclear power, gas and so on.
Graduate in medicine and surgery.
But those who cling to the jobs of the past restrict the jobs of the future.
And I would invite those who oppose that draft, without having read it, evidently, to visit certain illegal sweatshops and. places where illegal immigrants live, where these wretched people are hidden away in the most inhumane conditions imaginable. If you want to know what this debate is really about, ladies and gentlemen, you will find it there.
and the development of clean engines.
This is what we have experienced in Denmark in the area of the working environment where the excellent Danish employment regulations we had earlier subsequently became very poor regulations, precisely because of considerations regarding competition.
But halfway through 1997 they are still not available.
That is my first point, one demand made by Parliament, and I must say that the President-in-Office, Mr Zalm, basically took a very positive attitude to it. I should be very pleased if it were to be proved possible to achieve a result here.
Once again, I take this opportunity to call upon the President-in-Office to set up a European centre for the prevention and combating of violence against minors.
Up to now, we have had no concrete response either from the United Nations, the Red Cross or the Red Crescent, but as soon as one is received, our response will obviously be a positive one.
These steps are essential for the economic stabilization of the country, and a necessary condition for the mobilization of donors.
0 Head of the delegation of OVP mem­bers in the ER 0 Former member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (deputy head of delegation).
Report (A4-0074/97) by Mrs Ahern, on behalf of the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy, on the agreement for peaceful nuclear cooperation between the European Atomic Energy
But it is only fair to say that we have now gone well beyond the stage of novelty, curiosity and experiment; we have moved on from plant species to systems of biological stock breeding based on the same philosophy, a doublesided one combining respect for organoleptic qualities with the increased profits guaranteed by this kind of agricultural practice.
But it does not reflect advertising reality either.
Until two years ago, Renault was a state-owned company and the French State is still a 47 or 48 % shareholder.
Until the pact between the first two operators is un blocked, the problem will continue for the others and other undesirable duopolies or oligopolies will emerge.
So any policy of grubbing­up must be selective and temporary. It must include an economic aspect, in the form of increased premiums per hectare, a social aspect in the form of retirement aid and establish­ment aid for the young, and an environmental aspect ­here I am thinking of sanitary set­aside and erosion prevention.
There are still far too many people going about freely who ought to be appearing before the tribunal in The Hague.
The European economic operators, for the most part, would like the single cunency to be introduced on target.
Parliament, and especially its Committee on Budgetary Control, will monitor and support such measures. ures.
I should like to conclude by expressing my sincere thanks to members of the Administrative Council and the staff of the Community Plant Variety Office for their efforts in ensuring the smooth operation of the Community system.
The House will also be aware of the Commission's active interest in the fight against fraud and the Commission believes that reinforcement of customs cooperation among the Member States, particularly through the use of computerized systems, significantly contributes to the effectiveness of those efforts.
It called on Turkey to exercise utmost restraint, to respect human rights, not to endanger the lives of innocent civilians and to withdraw its military forces from Iraqi territory as soon as possible.
That does not exist today.
The third weak point is that there is no adequate legal control over the financial conections.
An ECfi-nanced expert is part of the technical team which is assisting the Donors' Democratic Development Group.
Two seats remain to be filled. It is therefore necessary to hold a third ballot.
Mr Fischler now has the floor.
I shall not mention which those States are, but for four of them the Commission says that it has no data and only incomplete data for the other three.
At present, the EU is encouraging a reduction in employers' contributions and government contributions through budgetary discipline.
Marin contacts with the Macedonian Parliament.
In what ways does the Council envisage toat its budget will be utilized?
In particular, it is hard not to feel some anxiety when the motion for a resolution singles out for particular opprobrium the text currently being discussed by the French Parliament.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0107/97) by Mr Ford, on behalf of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities, on the code of conduct for lobbyists.
It has not covered itself with great glory because some countries have not been prepared to face up to their responsibilities.
It is important that we have this synergy, because the blockage is obviously in the Council of Ministers. For a number of years now Parliament's position on tourism has been quite clear and we are becoming increasingly frustrated because, regrettably, many in the Council are not prepared to look at the opportunities which this Parliament has suggested to the Commissioner to mop up some of the unemployment Mr Harrison has just referred to.
Debates of the European Parliament
Journalist (1971-1979).
The others fall far short of toat figure.
The Community's cohesion policies must in future be made even more environmentally-friendly.
So there are a few faults to find with Mr Langen's report, which the Committee on the Environment does not support as it stands and which my group luckily will not support as it stands either - but I am saying this by the way.
Following this Parliament's delegation to Peru last September and the very serious reports given to us by Congressman Canseco in Brussels earlier this month, it is right that the European Parliament should today join with the protesters in expressing our concern about continuing and systematic human rights abuses in Peru.
Asylum policy, the fight against crime, and foreign policy have hardly been made any more effective, if at all, and the Member States clearly prefer to maintain the pretence of national sovereignty, rather than acknowledging the reality of mutual dependence.
Every agreement should have a suspension procedure of this kind, and the longer we wait, the more we are guilty of discrimination, which is precisely what we must avoid in the application of universal human rights.
The workers have every reason to oppose it and my group supports them in their fight.
In addition, it keeps these 'assisted' countries in debt.
after the murder of a town councillor in Ermua by the tenorist group ETA.
So, the Charter should have dealt with the issue of privatization of energy resources in greater detail, outlining the protection available to the consumer who ultimately would be affected by any changes in this regard.
The mobile phone companies or organizations are very profitable.
What I would ask you to do - and I shall be discussing this with Mr Wijsenbeek this evening, since we two are the only Dutch lawyers here, and in the Legal Affairs Committee - is to urge the Council of Ministers of Justice...
Government candidate for a post of director at the WEU Research Institute.
As the Committee observed in Antwerp, it is possible partially to computerise the matching of returned copy 5s with the original Tl.
I have now checked this and found out that what is said is not entirely true.
I come to the second point: the implication of changing the clocks.
At present, therefore, it is where possible applied provisionally.
However, we should as far as possible manufacture our selves those armaments which we definitely need for the protection of the European Union and its citizens - for military and economic reasons, -as well as in view of the extremely tense jobs situation in the EU.
Finally, and this is where we return to the environmental issue, let me place special emphasis on the Committee on Fisheries' request that third countries that fish in the Mediterranean should also be included, so that we can agree rules with them which at least respect the 2.5 km length of drift nets.
Similarly, a CPVR cannot coexist with a patent.
Santini report (A4-0337/96)
O April 1998:
There are more and more TV channels, and advertising is taking greater and greater liberties.
Vanhecke (NT). - (NL) Madam President, the subject of the death penalty for those who commit serious crimes in the United States comes up in these topical and urgent debates with clockwork regularity, and today is no exception. tion.
Substantial progress has again been made, and we there fore support the Amsterdam Treaty.
What would he say if he were still alive, in the name of the values I know he upheld?
A breakdown of these figures by agency and language is given in the statistics annexed to this report.
President. ­ Mrs Schroedter, that was not a question, it was a continuation of the debate.
EUROPEAN
Fortunately in this context, the trade shares an interest in making risk analysis work properly and therefore has an incentive to cooperate with customs:
It is crazy that we have a European market but as yet no European company.
They say that the free single market is increasingly abandoning its fundamental social role, and they give a number of examples of this.
The following partner countries can benefit from the different types of projects in the framework of Tempus with the application deadlines of 1 March 2000 and/or 1 March 2001: j
That emerges clearly from the patenting of umbilicalcord blood cells, which has erected a barrier to applied leukaemia research.
This decision is important for reasons of agricultural policy but it is also a key signal for the 1998 budget It is important to begin to achieve . real savings in this sector.
On 5 May 1997 ENEL and ENI (two Italian State-owned enterprises, in other words) signed a memorandum of understanding with a view to setting up a company that may become a leading player on the free market beginning to develop.
Estimate of benefits, effects on productivity and quality
The matter shall automatically be placed on theagenda of the last part-session to fall within six or, if extended,eight weeks of theconfirmation by the Council unless the matter has been dealt with at an earlierpart-session. part-session.
Debates of the European Parliament
Hautala (V). - (FI) Mr President, this Regulation will be a fig-leaf to industry.
What effect would integrating Schengen in the Treaty have on the agreement with Iceland and Norway?
0 Chairman of the South-East Europe Institute (ISO), Frankfurt.
And you, Mr President, should immediately, and without waiting for someone to ask you - that is what the Rules of Procedure say - have suspended the sitting,
All in all, this is therefore not an objective picture.
Further more, we are convinced that a successful motion of censure at this stage would simply lead to an institutional crisis which would last for months and not do one single thing to strengthen public health or consumer protection at European level.
The conclusion of this phantom debate, appendectomy, or whatever else one wishes to call it, is very simple, namely that this article K9, which is supposed to serve as a passerelle for the transfer of issues from the third pillar to Community matters, has never been used.
For many years the European Parliament has called for a clause guaranteeing the fundamental rights of em­ployees to be included in agreements when the EU grants generalized tariff preferences.
Therefore, there is a responsibility on the Commission now, as there was at the beginning of this legislation, to ensure there is adequate protection for consumers.
I should like to ask the Commission if it intends to intensify this network further, expand it and support it in a Community framework headed by the 'inspectorate of all inspectorates'.
This fraud costs millions of ECU every year and it is the Member States and Union citizens who pay.
To shut off hundreds of thousands of citizens in their town or village, thus condemning people to unemployment when their only crime is to have been born an Arab?
That in itself would be enough to prevent us voting for this motion, but also, and more importantly, our refusal to join in the criticism of Tunisia is inspired by the fact that there are many other charges that could be laid or condemnations uttered against a certain neighbouring country in the Maghreb, the tragic destiny of which- is causing us such concern today.
I am afraid that the same thing will happen with renewable energy sources as with small and medium-sized enterprises.
These security forces continue to threaten Iranian citizens who are living in the Member States and conducting legitimate political activities against toere gime.
The ultimate objective is to provide policymakers and others with an information base from which they can compare the effectiveness of policies and prac­tices; as noted in this report and acknowledged in other EU documents, progress this year has been clear and decisive.
Many of the initiatives listed in this Compendium are aimed at providing equal treatment by attempting to
At that time it was drawing up the Spinelli report with the draft Treaty of European Union.
Debates of the European Parliament
The latter is known as a legislative resolution in cases where Parliament is consulted by the Council on a Commission proposal.
It is somewhat comic, of course, that we should receive from your services, two weeks after the proposal for the draft budget, an oral correction saying that you have miscalculated by 329 million.
As legislators, we have overregulated their lives and reduced their natural inclination to become entrepreneurs.
The whole question of the third pillar and the move from the third to the first pillar simply must not take concrete form in a weakening of the Community pillar, because this would definitely be regression rather than progress.
The people who elected us - and to pre-empt Mr Brok, that means one third of the voters in Austria - also appreciate the importance of all these values and know that we must go on working to maintain and consolidate them.
Three members of a committee which has applied the confidential proceduremay request consideration of a breach of confidentiality, and this may be placed onthe agenda.
If we are to ban cloning, then we must give practical effect to that ban by including a comparable ban in the patent directive.
Telkämper (V). ­ (DE) Mr President, this Parliament has for years been campaigning for a new waste policy, for waste avoidance and waste recycling within the European Union.
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
That is why I think that after Amsterdam, we shall have the strong signal needed for the Commission to continue, in accordance with the strategy that we adopted at the last European Council, towards enlargement.
It is not conect to say that the Commission departed in the negotiations from the standard clause on democracy and human rights.
They are primarily responsible for the present situation, not only because of the structure, which after all has put us in an impossible position on foreign policy on many occasions, but also because the Council never thinks through what it does, handing us tasks which we cannot fulfil.
Other key points to be dealt with are special taxes on consumption, the administration of non-customs tax warehouses, and the issue of accompanying administrative documents connected with consignments of goods.
The legislative work being done by Member States and the authorities themselves signifies a major change and, therefore, what we are doing - in connection with a subject Mr Ford is sufficiently familiar with - is also to apply the budget line for the campaign against racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism to this subject.
Sustainable development is not only about the environment, as the rich countries might otherwise seem to think.
For example, what legislation should be used to decide if a person may be put under surveillance or not.
Malerba framework programme, keeping them on as reciprocal a level as possible.
The precondition for aU this is freedom of the press.
Whereas there is a great deal of logic in some of the provisions of the directive - for example, the simplified procedure for some less dangerous substances which are better known, less toxic and pose no serious risk - one has to be sure that these procedures are not abused to the disadvantage of the environment and public health.
Why not instead choose a well-used relaunch of social public expenditure or in other words expenditure which should contribute to greater growth and more genuine jobs and therefore higher public and social revenues which would reduce deficits?
You see vast rural areas and empty areas of town lose their quality of life through ageing and dereliction, decay and a sense of insecurity.
The European Alliance of Genetic Support Groups main tains that unless human cells, animals and plants can be patented, big companies will keep their research results secret which would block the development of new drugs.
They make democracy a day-today fact of life by representing the citizen vis-à-vis the other European institutions — the Commission, the Council, etc.
In that debate there was an atmosphere of pervasive pessimism and criticism of the performance of Europe.
It is difficult to distinguish between them, as they are all necessary if we are to compensate for the limits which are imposed by the small size of these companies: we should give support to the management of technological information at appropriate levels and effectively cutting red tape which hinders their activities.
At the beginning of September 1996 the Commission and toe EBRD set up an independent panel of experts to carry out a study into the possible construction of two 1000 MW nuclear power stations (Khmelnitskiy 2 and Rovno 4) in Ukraine.
* insurers determine the premium for insurance against payment of sick leave ¡n the company k» no financial incentives exist k» private insurance systems do not include features that affect safety and health k» the risk of occupational accidents and diseases is not covered by private insurance schemes k» introduction of premiums graduated according to the risk of work accidents within the firm in 1998 k» scope for financial incentives within insurance is very limited » especially for smaller firms, the cost of insurance is related to historical or sector-wide experience of claims k» companies can also choose to pay the costs of sick leave themselves or to insure only part of the costs
importance. Indeed, I would like to tell Parliament that just yesterday afternoon, the Commission adopted a re lated statement and the Council on Energy will debate the subject in detail at the end of May.
The logic of the matter is straightforward: a single customs area a single customs area requires a single customs service, with homogeneous powers, resources allocated according to objective pan-European criteria, the ability and the capacity to carry out investigations throughout the territory for which it is responsible and the internal command structures to distribute information where it is needed and to target its antifraud efforts at a European level.
The real question is whether producers have any prior knowledge of smuggling of their product.
It is in accordance with this situation that we must express our expectations and form our judgment.
Similarly, there are clear rules on the deadlines for inquiry procedures and specific requirements on Member States in terms of the investigation of the suspected irregularities of fraud.
I am thinking in particular about the French Overseas Departments and Territories, where social standards are those of mainland France.
Mr President, I ask you to use your presidential powers to have an usher put a stop to a situation in which this Chamber is becoming a distribution centre for political tracts.
It has also become clear that the Article 171 procedure, which the Commission first implemented against Germany, makes a good deal of sense.
The main categories of expenditure were as follows.
It is thus incumbent on the latter to make the effort needed to establish without delay a genuine policy of customs cooperation.
They have allegedly found a strain in the brain of the salmon that is similar to that which caused the tragedy with BSE.
And when we achieve that, then we will get rid of people like you from this Parliament!
The immigrants could not follow what was said and therefore did not feel they were involved in the union's activities.
I believe that the objective of investigating alleged contraventions or maladministration in the implementation of Community law in relation to BSE has been met in full, and that reading part A of this report will answer any questions in that respect.
As he has already outlined the background to this particular proposal which very importantly fills a legal vacuum, I do not need to repeat it
GONAL- F® Follitropin alpha
Such difficult political decisions must be able to be monitored properly.
Annex of the European Communities
What is more, there have been unambiguous threats made against opposition leaders, such as Mr Diez Canseco, who was actually in Brussels for discussions with all political groups.
Dupuis (ARE). - (IT) Mr President I should like to add my own congratulations to the rapporteur, and also to the Commissioner on the Green Paper.
Following that examination, the Commission may decide to reduce or suspend its aid if irregularities are ascertained.
This point is particularly relevant for the transit system, as many sensitive products are agricultural products covered by the common agricultural policy.
In this programme we have also created the opportunity in the 15 Member States to add an extra European dimension to the curriculum, especially within initial and in-service teacher training.
Apart from transitional periods for new Member States and the provisions in specific protocols on the Aland Islands and Denmark, this right is guaranteed throughout the Community.
Yesterday you might recall that I raised an issue under Rule 3 about the immunities and privileges of this House.
I am aware of similar problems in France and Italy. The Commission has indeed put some of these questions to the Court of Justice for resolution.
A PARLIAMENT FOR EUROPE
If so, will it be included in the final proposal for a new Treaty?
This produces an annual average of 18,000 operations per office per year (about 69 per working day).
By the time these matters had been resolved 80,000 to 100,000 refugees in the camps were again being attacked.
The first part describes economic developments, which I shall sum up in a few words.
VBMO was founded to exploit a completely new concept and technology called EuroSafe 2000 for car safety.
Mr von Wogau, the golden rule for public investment, which you mentioned earlier, will be achieved in 1998.
As for museums, let's have museums by all means, but do we want to bury Europe in museums?
To isolate the extremism and establish a dialogue between the parties is certainly possible, and we Europeans have the means to get it accepted.
In addition, it opens up local procurement to European Union undertakings, in sectors other than those previously envisaged.
Of all alcoholic beverages, beer is the most dangerous, because people who drink it do not fully realize that they are consuming an alcoholic product.
By special decision of a committee, any other person may be invited to attend andto speak at a meeting.
There is a fundamental geopolitical explanation for this, which is perfectly understandable in the zone we are talking about.
I am certain that the guests in Parliament this afternoon will be very relieved to have my assurance on that.
As a consequence of that evaluation, it is possible that the Commission, on its own initiative, will be able to make recommendations to the individual Member States as to how they have met the challenges of the guidelines.
December 1991: at Maastricht, the European Council negotiates the Treaty on European Union, signed in February 1992.
France Radical Energy MEP: 19.07.1994 ARE
In my view, there are still considerable risks that national parliaments will lose ground and that this will not be compensated by any ground gained at European level.
Fontaine report (A4-182/97)
Many categories of foodstuffs produced with the aid of gene technology will be regulated under other legislation or not at all.
In my own country, this European decision is threatening to result in cultural genocide - there is no other word for it - for Flemings around Brussels and in Brussels itself.
We talk about mine clearance which is vastly important, and I appreciate all the work that has been going on as far as the European Union is concerned.
The Committee does however note the level of complaints on this issue and the adverse effects it has on effective cooperation between customs.
Rule 56Modification of a Commission proposal
So there should really be no question of debating whether we need to increase the budget.
DIRECTORATE GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
Similarly, in paragraph 14 you speak again about social security and you introduce a notion of rigidity which was not in what either you or Mr Donnelly have said.
It is only at a later stage that the Commission can come outside when the investigation has been completed, when the conclusions must be drawn and where appropriate sanctions must even be imposed and the Members of Parliament know that when that time has come, I am always the first to inform Parliament about it.
Without spending more, it should have been possible to spend better, by redirecting Community aids at the political priorities that have so often been announced.
You can see what a difficult position we were in.
There are a few points I should like to make. The MacSharry agricultural reform was conceived as a U-turn in agricultural policy, involving a reduction in surpluses and an adjustment to bring us into line with the GATT agreement, with radical price cuts for cereals, oilseeds and protein crops.
Every request for guarantee vouchers is examined by an expert with extensive knowledge of the industry.
Decisionmaking on CFSP matters is to be stream lined by introducing the possibility of constructive abstention and of majority decisions under certain conditions.
Blot (NI), in writing. - (FR) Aid to hop producers is necessary.
The report identifies the UK Government as the body mainly responsible for the BSE crisis, and it points to six occasions when successive governments violated Article 5 of the Treaty and refused to obey the rules of fair and transparent cooperation.
Their reports propose the creation of legal instruments, namely an 'anti-discrimination' directive and follow up the decision by the Council to create a European Observatory for which there is already a draft regulation.
There have been no subsequent discussions of the proposal at the level of the Council during the first semester of 1997 under the Dutch Presidency.
The present draft Treaty provides for a step backward in terms of freedom of movement.
Horizontal measures are also important.
The form of words I am proposing places the EU and China on an equal footing with respect to each other and is more diplomatic than the original version.
That is why we strongly urge the European Commission to let us know its own position on this matter and to make it very clear whether we should await the position of the EBRD or not; otherwise - clearly - we have to assess whether the European Union should dissociate its actions as regards Euratom loans from the activities of the EBRD, whose logic could diverge from the Community's modus operandi on this particular dos sier.
This approach is another sign of quality such as geographical indication, protected origins and special guarantees, but it is also different from them.
It is a city of great significance to the international community.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday: (no change). Mrs Baldi would like to speak.
The Commission would also seek to enshrine the 'one time last time' principle for restructuring aid to shipyards, in line with the approach followed in the specific recent cases covered in document COM (97) 132, to which the Honourable Member also refers, where the governments concerned have undertaken that no more such aids will be granted to the yards involved.
Professor of Community law (University of Madrid).
For example, we cannot introduce crossborder tax and legal rules in one part of southern Denmark, just because it is a border area.
The European Parliament and the Council now share the power of decision equally in a large number of areas.
He visited the United States and they gave him a form which said 'state your race', so he wrote 'human'.
We also remember the many people who have been mutilated, like Irene Villa, and especially those currently held captive and subjected to cruel physical torture, José Antonio Ortega Lara and Cosme Delclaux.
Birth, fortunately, is still a natural process.
The Blæk Sea and the Bosporus are the main lines of communication here.
What we must now do is recognise the weakness in our administrative system that has led to our failure and effect the necessary changes.
Finally, Mr President, we believe that it is risky to rely on agriculture to finance this enlargement because, as you and all of us will be aware, agriculture is an extremely risky business.
Such proposals shall be admissible only if they are tabled in writing and bearthe signaturesof at least nine Members or are tabled on behalf of a political groupor committee.
For the countries in the EU which have made demands for free competition in the postal sector, there is now the opportunity to continue this development in a liberalizing direction, which is also positive.
We have moved forward it is true, but how?
Kinnock, Neil, Member of the Commission. - The Com mission is satisfied that agreements between airlines have not resulted in violations of existing safety rules. All
There is no clear list of pharmaceuticals.
We have had many examples brought to us in the recent past of jeans and other domestic commodities which trade on a remarkably similar name.
We have basically agreed on the timetable for the future liberalisation of exchanges and this will be done the following way: in 1997 and until the first half of 1998 the bodies provided for in the agreement - mixed committee, trade subcommittee and various working par ties - will focus all of their attention on working out what we have called the 'radiography of exchanges', in other words working out all of the relevant technical analyses which will make it possible for us to make progress towards the ambitious objectives which have been set out in our strategy.
Former member of the Executive Committee of the AR 0 Deputy in the Cortes (1982).
Debates of toe European Parliament
Now that is all old hat.
7. possible areas of interference between a common transport policy and its tariffsand the rules on competition or the requirements of social,agricultural, energyor regional policy (see Articles3(f) and 74 of the EC Treaty and Articles70 et seq.of the ECSC Treaty);postalcommunications;
Rather than conducting this hypocritical campaign, the United States ought to be thinking about doing away with all those electric chairs spread around US tenitory!
This certificate was designed to establish that the defendants were cornmhting a serious offence under Spanish law but the judge did not consider it to be sufficiently clear.
Let me also point out that the European resources that go to Germany are not just a continuous and calculable source of finance but are also a tangible expression of European solidarity.
They expressed horror at the demand for, and I quote, 'the women's dimension' - that pathetic and vulgar expression of a debate which, according to them, was about equality of barbarity rather than anything else - to be taken into account in everywhere.
Secondly, when it comes to specific priorities, the guide lines are extremely clear. They give four priority areas.
According to the proposal, as much waste as possible should be shipped as fast as possible beyond the borders of Europe, and never mind the consequences, never mind the envi­
What you are presenting to us here is a conjuring trick.
It is strongly suggested that networks aim at increasing the number of consortium members participating in the network over the period of funding.
It has always done all it could to involve youhg people in Union life and increase their opportunities on offer at European level.
Why does El Niño occpr in a particular cycle off the South American west coast and influence the weather?
And that determination was reflected in the communiqués, decisions and official comments that were issued.
In Africa it is as much as 65 %.
The European Parliament has ratified the agreement with Kirgizstan, but the agree ment with Kazakhstan is stiU pending.
Let us all be very clear.
Also we still had humanitarian personnel on the ground.
I can only appeal to all those responsible to seize this opportunity.
It may sound trite to say
We must speed up toe pursuit of our goal through toe Regulation with the ultimate goal of transposing it to provide a legal basis in all Member States.
♦ jep-en.rtf: the form, in English, to apply for a Joint European Project
However, I can assure you - and I can assure the Commission - that we had no preconceptions with regard to this motion.
Those are parallel tracks, and that should have caused us concern.
Moorhouse it is the first time he has ever taken any part in any debate on human rights.
0 President of the Italian Pro-Life Movement.
The presidency can help here by organizing a special troika mission to apply the necessary pressure on the spot.
CEDT, EP Inquiry Committee on fraud in transit
As regards motor vehicle taxes, I supported the amend ments of the Committee on Transport aimed at removing the maximum rate and simplifying the proposal.
We think it is right for this protocol to discuss the specific features of these areas in detail and believe that is an adequate means of satisfying these regions.
Yours sincerely,
Thank you very much, nonetheless, for Parliament's swift response, Mr President.
However, I should like to say that the ECOFIN Council which met yesterday put the final touches to the text on the legal framework, the new European monetary system and the stability and growth pact.
But then we walk through that gallery, and the pictures hanging there are a culture shock.
First of all, we think that this agreement, regardless of its content, which obviously can always be judged in one way or another, is also looking for other effects which are not a result the agreement itself but which are very important nonetheless.
This enlargement will cost, and the Commission wants to hide that, namely the fact that the cost will be borne by the smallest and weakest countries and by working people.
Gradin national actions which appear to be obstacles to the internal market.
But it is on the shoulders of people themselves that the big responsibility lies.
Experts predict that savings of 2.5 billion ECU a year could be made here.
Canada is - I would remind you - an essential partner for ensuring Europe's stability and security.
Proper thought can only be given to China's joining the WTO once these urgent problems have been settled.
Such action would resolve nothing and disrupt the very work toat must be urgently done.
In 1996, the Commission devoted almost ECU 50m from various budget lines for former Yugoslavia to refugee return.
When we expressed our views virtually the only group to support us was the Greens.
Maximum percentage of the total grant available for documentation
The first was very simple: has the Dutch presidency scheduled for the informal meeting of the ECOFIN Council in April an initial assessment of the revision of the financial perspec­tives, with a view to the financing of the European Union in the post­1999 period?
It is true that economic relations with Israel have not been broken off, but they have been put on the back burner.
Kestelijn-Sierens (ELDR). - (NL) Thank you, Mr President, and thank you, Commissioner, for your reply.
likely that Albania will still not have its own adequate system of internal controls.
Reactors and powers stations age, but their ageing must not weaken their safety.
Votes
0 Former member of the Consultative Assembly of the Council of Europe.
It must be quite easy to answer.
An amendment shall be adopted only if it securesthe votes of a majority of thecomponent Members of Parliament.
It is obviously essential that the rapidly expanding telecommunications sector keeps the confidence of users and it is equally clear that those users must be certain that the increasing amount of information they are confiding to networks is handled with complete integrity and will not be used for any purposes which they do not intend or do not desire.
The Council is aware of this and wiU not shrink from urging toe Algerian Government to adopt a controUed approach to toe crisis.
In particular we must make sure that the Union's trade relations with ASEAN countries should be subjected to the respect of human rights and that Member States stop giving military assistance and selling weapons to Indonesia. sia.
We did that on the understanding that the Commissioner would be available on Thursday to deal with this issue.
Its debates, opinions and resolutions are published in the Official Journal of the European Communities.
homelessness is part of a complex multi-dimensional pattern of disadvantage, it requires a coordinated approach from public authorities, an approach which is sensitive to the needs and aspirations of the homeless, which takes account of the fact that homeless people need jobs, schools and health services and an income as well as a home.
Subject: The Spanish digital platform
On the other hand, obtaining the approval of the national parliaments was and still is harder.
Eriksson, Sjöstedt and Svensson (GUE/NGL), in writing. - (SV) We have voted against Mr Rothley's report as it represents a fundamental position which we do not share.
Question No 41 by Marie-Paule Kestelijn-Sierens (H-0362/97) Subject: Demarcation of indigenous area Raposa/Sena do Sol in Brazil
The situation has not improved, despite letters to the Commissioner bringing this to his attention.
This is not, therefore, the moment to give them the impression mat the rules might be changed again.
In addition, Members of Parliament can put written or oral questions to the Commission.
I again condemn the serious uncertainty created because no agreement was reached on the necessary institutional strengthening for the political leadership which the Euro pean Union requires for the twenty-first century.
Striby (IEDN), in writing. - (FR) The three Baltic States have finally recovered their sovereignty and freedoms after fifty years of Soviet occupation.
Discrimination against women is also very acute in Iran and we must fully maintain our criticism and take a stand
7.1 Formal requirements for a Tempus Project application
Following negotiations with the European Parliament on the resources required to start up the interinstitutional activities set out in the Work Programme, the Centre was allocated a sum of ecu 450 000 for 1998 by the budgetary authority.
That is why we developed the idea of the universal service.
It is not in the United Kingdom's interests, and it is certainly not in Europe's.
If they had been integrated that would have strengthened the legal security of the Convention when it comes to be applied.
So it would be hypocritical not to recognize that under current circumstances the problem will be very difficult to resolve.
1 General introduction
Has it helped to bring the Union closer to its citizens?
It rather seems to be saying that, if a French gourmet thinks goose liver is a mouth-watering delicacy, he is not thinking very seriously about the interests of animals.
Our heritage of common values must be maintained and must serve as a basis for active cooperation between govern ment and business and above all between people who, today, have ever more solid links across the Atlantic.
The Management Board took due note of this project but decided to continue to examine other alternatives at future meetings.
First of all, because you then ignore the precautionary principle and secondly because the existing theory does demonstrate convincingly that the greenhouse effect is manmade.
Membership talks with Cyprus begin six months after the government conference: at the beginning of next year, therefore.
We are not the star witnesses of the latter-day Prince Potemkin, whether his name be Helmut Kohl or Jacques or Hans van Mierlo or whatever.
Approval of the Minutes, p. 26 - 2.
She recently said: 'If our young people are sick, perhaps sport, as a source of healthy competition, can help bring them out of the labyrinth of despah'.
I suspect that one of the reasons why they are not here is that they are probably trying to persuade Mr Tony Blair not to change the election system in the United Kingdom for the Euro pean elections.
It is likely that the NCTS will be extended to other Eastern European countries as they accede to the Convention on Common Transit,
The attractiveness of cigarettes to the fraudster is further enhanced by the relative ease with which they can be handled.
Let us be honest, where is there a Belgian people?
In addition, toe Commission has set annual objectives for female recruitment which has also given positive results.
There are still differences in the way in which the industrial sector is regarded in the Member States.
Will the Commission take account of toe constitutional reform needed for toe Kingdom of Belgium to comply with its obligations and the length of toe procedure when assessing the advisabiUty of bringing an action before toe Court of Justice?
The consequences of this are obvious. An additional factor is that, fairly predictably, the price is once again falling after the Christmas festivities.
I would like the Council to be aware that since then we Members have received an enormous outpouring of confidence that things will progress.
That is exacerbated, moreover, by the objective of social cohesion if that is interpreted as an obligation to keep the European Union's money for the lessdeveloped regions only.
The programmes were only just approved in the first year of membership, which cannot be regarded as a great achieve ment.
This gives a snapshot of what will happen if several other countries follow Sweden's example.
We must also look at the international aspects of the question of aid to shipyards, and here I am thinking particularly of the problems with the OECD directive.
ÖVP MEP:
Cars (ELDR). - (SV) Mr President, just as membership of the European Union has meant increased security for Sweden and Finland, it will also mean increased security for our neighbours along the Baltic Sea, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland the day they become members of the European Union.
The consortium members both for JEPs and CPs should choose relevant activities in line the with following list.
22.07.1962 Member of the European Parliament Portugal PS MEP: 25.01.1993 PSE
Mrs Thyssen has done an excellent job - there is really not much to add.
Mrs Sievert, President of the Regional Finance Office, Münster, welcomed the committee delegation on behalf of the Federal Financial Administration and explained the structure of the German customs administration.
Together with my committee, I naturally support this document and see this as a very important initiative.
To remain silent because words cannot express our feel ings of sadness, horror and indignation at the escalation of barbarity which people are suffering in that unhappy country.
Bjerregaard. - (DA) I have to say that I am not aware of the reaction pattern of the British Government on this matter, but I stress again that what I have said here today is that we will use the Directive on the Conservation of Wild Birds to ask the committee concerned whether this sub-species, Phalacrocorax carbo sinensis by name, not a particularly easy one to say, can be removed from Annex 1, so that we can solve this problem which has been raised in various quarters.
But I think it appropriate in this debate on the subsidiarity principle to emphasize that this very principle stems from Christian social thinking and should thus be applied with this in mind and not, as is so often the case, as a means of helping people to help themselves.
debt. Italy would therefore support an increase in the level of the comprehensive guarantee.
At Parliament's insistence, the final version of the Pact provides that any fines and any interest on deposits made by Member States will be paid into the Community Budget.
In the meantime the Greek authorities have informed me that Mr Kranidiotis is replaced by Mrs Anna Karamanou with effect from 6 February 1997.
Are these the reasons why Parliament's call for the abolition of compulsory visas between Bulgaria and Romania has still not been heeded?
How do you then pass them on to individual users?
It is also perfectly within its rights if it chooses not to.
The Danish Social Democrats favour the idea that any such authority should contribute to effective standardization and harmonization and that it should address the need for coordination between the EU countries with respect to third countries.
Sent of government
We will have a greater proportion of elderly people in Europe but this will also introduce an opportunity to create jobs.
Such a system is financially feasible, and it would clearly make crossborder job-seeking a more attractive option.
Information will be the raw material.
And so capital punishment is most often used for the extermination of opponents of the state.
I will be voting for the Rothley report and I will be voting in favour despite the fact that, in my opinion, it contains a number of significant technical shortcomings, such as amendments 42 and 43 to recitals 39 and 40, which are incorrect as I see it, or amendment 45 to paragraph 2 of Article 1.1 shall also be voting in favour, irrespective of the result, of subparagraph 2d) of Article 9, i.e. the issue of the use or the patentability of inventions in which embryos are used.
Reports
MEP: PPE
Consumers may refrain from using more advantageous or less expen­sive services because they lack the necessary information or, indeed, security.
As a result of protests from the Committee on Women's Rights and a threatened boycott by European women's
The main measures are the granting of a right of sojourn for the duration of the voluntary service, maintenance of social security entitlements and the exemption from taxation of expenditure allowances.
On the contrary, the current policy has lent support only to toe large European organisations, often forgetting that it is in toe countries where consumer organisations are smaUer and weaker that they are toe more necessary.
Thirdly, the necessary modernization of the systems to face the new challenges. What can Europe do?
As this Directive, if approved, will come into force immediately and will supersede national legislation, it could lead to a lowering of standards and security and consequendy a reduction in consumer protection in many Member States.
(GUE / NGL) Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left
This continental territory lends itself to the establishment of a series of lines of communication based for example on the train, great motorways and of course on the elimination of all barriers to trade.
Debates of the European Parliament
But the text does refer to the need for 'significant' reductions in emissions and is thus somewhat better than the Denver text.
Linser (NI). - (DE) Mr President the independent Members of the House welcome Mr Cohn-Bendit's perceptive and courageous report which, by involving all the Balkan countries, lends a new dimension to the difficult task of securing peace in the former Yugoslavia.
However, I must say, Mr President, that, having taken Mr Konrad, whom you did - in other words, one speaker in favour, one speaker against - and then trying to stop the clear disruption in the GaUery, you acted with great dignity, and what followed after that was quite out of order.
The Commission in its report on "Fraud in the Transit Procedures, Solutions Foreseen and Prospectives for the Future" states that fraud in transit, which involved organised crime, is known to have had a financial impact for the Community and Member States of a rnmimum of 750millionEcu, during the period 1990­1994.
The Commission is currendy awaiting the Belgian response and assures the honourable Member that it will take whatever action it considers appropriate in the circumstances.
We are pleased about the fact that there is far greater use made of the durability of the structural funds.
At the end of 1996, 4 553 applications had been received in total. The number of titles granted in that year was 1 460.
The amendment I have laid before toe House today will therefore help to emphasise the general Ucences more in toe future and not so much toe individual Ucences.
Deputy mayor of Saint-Etienne, with special responsibilities (since 1995).
Martens (PPE). - (FR) Mr President, it is perfectly possible to suspend proceedings for five or ten minutes to settle the matter and then let us vote.
When Directorate General XXIII was restructured in April of 1996 a new unit, with the principal task of promoting coordinated
TOTAL, the French state-owned oU company, has been active in Burma for many years and there have been allegations that it has used forced labour, including child labour, in its work.
I am very happy to have been able to count on the support of staff working for the Institutional Committee, my own assistants and a large number of colleagues.
For example, what happens if the Council does not think that an agreement which has been reached by the social partners is appropriate?
It is, of course, a very small percentage of the budget that is ultimately spent on sport, but it is spent to good effect in the Eurathlon programme and in the programme to develop sport for the disabled under the same budget entry.
Parliament has also argued for a strengthening of the procedures for setting the EU's 'economic guidelines'.
Only the best succeed to become fuU projects with Community co-funding.
Like toe Council, we say that Algeria deserves confidence and critical support.
We want to place environmental education above all at the centre, because the environment is also a matter of attitude and one cannot begin early enough to teach young people how important a clean, healthy environment is for us all.
The 1995 Council Resolution foresees the possibility of taking measures based on solidarity if one or more Member States are particularly affected by mass influxes.
The resolution is an important statement by the European Parliament against an employer who has been shown to be ruthless and brutal to its employees.
There is one small problem from the point of view of languages, since more languages are used in the Office for Harmonization of the Internal Market in Alicante than in the Madrid Agree ment.
Cresson, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Ladies and gentlemen, I have listened to you very carefully.
We are not going to create jobs, including jobs for the young, unless we give European once again the conditions for healthy and sustainable economic growth.
Gradin, Member of the Commission. - (SV) The question from Mr Howitt concerns the fact that immigration rules are part of Community law in certain cases and are governed by national legislation in others.
A year ago the emphasis was very much on regulation and very little on liberalization and open competition.
As Mr Menrad emphasizes in his report, the Commission communication addresses two main subjects.
The other is that they get to grips with corruption, not least on borders, etcetera, in order to further intensify their activities.
Perhaps, too, this may have enabled toe other side of toe House, which is not with us at present, to grasp toat flexibUization or liberalization can only be regarded as advances if we really take our regulatory function seriously, if we really succeed in providing the necessary government-backed guarantee for all, particularly including those population groups and regions which have to face up to handicaps, obstacles and problems.
of theh own countries, that scrutiny carries a great deal of weight with the various states.
To that extent, you still have some homework to do.
We know that this is only the tip of the iceberg, and that the number of unreported cases of people being abducted without any form of due process, subjected to the most cruel tortures and then murdered is far greater.
The Commission has no way in ensuring that there is a direct link between the award of the export refund and the price actually passed on to beef producers.
In East Germany, the Abitur, or school-leaving examination, was obtained after twelve years of schooling, whereas in Bavaria, children obtained
Mr President, before looking to the future, I should like to reply to an oral question which refers specificaUy to the implementation by the pharmaceutical industry of measures to prevent the transmission of BSE.
A whole new dimension is needed. Hence the Florence agreement for a new vision of our relations with Central America.
As far as employment is concerned, the Conference's work has led to a so-far positive result, in that there is a consensus among the Member States that the new Treaty should include a chapter on employment.
There has been a misunderstanding.
Parliament and toe Commission are in agreement on that point.
I want to join my colleagues in saying how wonderful it is to have a whole morning to celebrate the advances that women have made in the European Union as well as raise our very serious concerns about the attitudes and the lack of effective action on the part of the governments and the European Union when it comes to the disadvantages that women still face.
We must now elaborate and executive tailored macro-economic and structural policies in close cooperation with one another.
The concern over legal certainty leads on to my third point.
I would now like to turn to some environmental issues.
On the Fabra Vallés report should be uniform criteria on aircrew composition, both on the flight deck and in the passenger areas.
After the unfortunate failure of an initial ambitious at tempt at a Euro-Arab dialogue, a new dynamic is seeking to become established on the basis of the Barcelona Declaration. We must succeed this time, by asserting Europe's Mediterranean priority clearly, resolutely, last ingly and realistically.
The larger countries will be able to vote down the smaller countries.
In conclusion, I particularly thank Mr KeUett-Bowman for the diligence with which he has reported our findings to this House.
Van Mierlo documents issued by the Council, the Commission and the European Parliament.
I believe it is also a question of democratic policy.
Within Europe too, there are such disturbing phenomena as terrorism, organized crime, traffic in minors and drug trafficking.
This report and the interim evaluation reports will enable both the Council and Parliament to hold initial policy debates in late 1997 or early 1998.
') For the outcome of the vote: see Minutes
On wine, if the ban on distillation were brought in as early as has been proposed by the Commission, it would cause undue hardship for southern vineyards.
Technological equipment and infrastructure for communications and transport are usually deficient.
In considering this matter two particular points need to be borne in mind.
If we do not set targets in the timetable, we will not have a framework on which to base the propositions contained in this report.
Thus they are not thought to present an important risk of the diseases normally associated with asbestos i.e. diseases such as asbestosis, lung cancer and mesothelioma.
In the light of the consultations which have followed the Commission's communication, I shall be presenting to the Commission in the coming months a proposal to initiate the procedure for the consultation of the social partners at European level.
It is true that the document and proposals for the Regulation head in the right direction, but I think that they have fallen far short of our expectations.
0 Member of the Bureau of the Socialist Group in the ER President of the European Parliament (1989-1992).
This will lead to more than half of agricultural production in certain countries of southern Europe being excluded from the premiums of direct aid to income, creating discrimination difficult to sustain at the political level.
The problem is compounded by the different legal structures in different Member States.
These actions should mainly be aimed at objectives which have gained sufficient support within the Council, such as the develop ment of information and the cooperation of the involved actors.
In fact the President's Office has already investigated this and agrees with your interpretation.
Rothe report and also adopted it.
Are there any other comments?
But we think that minimum standards should be developed for capital tax, company tax and environmental tax and that decisions in the Council concerning these issues should be adopted by means of a qualified majority vote.
Group of the Party of the European Socialists Group of the European People's Party (Christian-Democratic Group) Group of the Union for Europe Group of the European Liberal Democratic and Reformist Party
I would like to emphasize the most important aspects of what a European forestry policy should be, as I understand it.
Paasio (PSE). - (FI) Mr President, the right to receive and send mail is an essential civil right in any civilized state.
To give a few examples in the area of fighting tax fraud, agreements on mutual adminis­trative assistance, agreements on transfer prices, directives on mergers and splits, directives on the payment of dividends, common rules, also, on simultaneous verifica­tion schemes or coming under the definition of what should be understood by common action subordinated to the principle of proportionality and worked out in agree­ment with the criteria which I referred to a little while ago, namely necessity and efficiency.
01.11.1938 Consultant Austria FPÖ
and common sense - another point which it is only fair to make - partly thanks to the previous efforts at simplification by the legal services of the Commission.
However, both Parliament's report and a number of other responses have emphasized that these three factors are too limited, and that two others in particular should be examined, the impact of which was somewhat underestimated in the White Paper.
This gives the EU an authority which it does not and must not have. I would
(tracie marfis ana designs/ ano its openinq to ine public are
Secondly, there is the fight against the narcotics trade.
No amendment may be tabled to the proposal(s) for a decision.
German political parties, who may not be lily-white with regard to Chiquita.
') For the outcome of the vote on topical and urgent debate: see Minutes.
The most important incentives used in private insurance schemes are:
security system is currently very high on the political agenda.
This is not just a legitimate expectation on the part of the business world; it is also a precondition for a positive climate for invest­ment.
0 Member of Gothenburg district party's Executive.
Debates of the European Parliament
The regulatory framework of the telecommunications sector comprises numerous directives, each covering its respective aspects.
The original texts of these interventions appear in the edition published in the language spoken.
If we are honest, we have to admit that Parliament does not have the final say on what is decided as regards this directive, so it is all the more important to make it clear that, for all the differences of opinion there have been, the vast majority in Parliament will again, we hope, support the philosophy described in the Green Paper on pricing.
With regard to the Law on the use of standards for the transmission of television signals which has just com pleted its passage through parliament in Spain, does
Ladies and gentlemen, among these thanks a very special place must be given to my wife and my mother.
Resumption of the session
In fact, as she herself has said here and indicated in her report, Mrs Fontaine did doubt whether it was worth continuing to consider this directive and spending much time on it.
BACKGROUND
Flemming (PPE), rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, Madam Commissioner.
Secondly, the excessive number of Court judgments that have not been complied with. Thirdly, the inadequate diffusion of Community law.
Hory (ARE). - (FR) This report, Mrs Aelvoet's, comes at just the right time for us to match our actions with our words.
IN THE CHAIR: MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice-President
Parliament's motion for a resolution rightly stresses the need for both transparency and reliability.
This limit. was fixed by the regulation of January 1992.
The disturbing number of serious coach and lorry accidents and the ensuing loss of life, are all too often caused by human enor, which is frequently the consequence of extreme tiredness and unhealthy working conditions.
The strengthening of the provisions relating to health and consumer protection was not challenged at Amsterdam.
In most Member States instruments exist or are being developed that assist enterprises in these evaluations.
Finally, I should like to welcome the rapporteur's proposal for reviewing the minimum rates by the year 2001.
As well as promoting Community action, this would have the effect of promoting, boosting, guiding and com pleting the projects promoted and carried out at decentralized level under the structural funds.
To begin with: interconnection tariffs, access deficit contributions and universal service tariffs are mixed up whereas they are completely different concepts: universal service tariffs may only reflect the actual costs of the universal service and ensure a contribution by the parties on the market for the operator that has the universal service obligation; interconnection tariffs are taken into account by a network operator for the use of his facilities.
Pimenta (PPE). - Mr President half true is as bad as a lie.
Vigorous action is needed, based on the report by the Davignon group; standardised taxation for companies operating in more than one Member State and we need to look into how we can handle the deficit.
The BSE crisis revealed all too clearly what happens when business ethics and monitoring are deceptive.
CHAPTER XXI
It is in that context that the statement of the European Union Member States and the Commission, made public on 9 July in Nairobi must be seen.
Liikanen. - (FI) Mr President, I would say to the honorable Member that the Commission is currently preparing a significant administrative reform.
My question is this: since that area is so important for the European Union, why is there a Commission delegation only in Georgia?
0 Competition
These services open up wideranging prospects for the growth of our industry and for innovation, investment, the creation of new jobs in Europe and consumer choice. In order for these benefits to come about though, it is
President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
Blot (NT). - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am not against the rapporteur personally but I am going to be very critical.
The European Union should, as already agreed, lead with a good example here.
In these circumstances, the effective creation of a single market, the fight against unemployment, the improvement in social conditions and the elimination of impediments to free circulation will be achieved through a concerted policy and incentives to reaching bilateral agreements on taxation matters.
Question 9 (Iversen): Landmines
It says that the President announced that four of our colleagues had been appointed as members of the French Government and that pursuant to Article 12 of the Act concerning the election of representatives of the European Parliament by universal suffrage, Parliament established these vacancies.
Then it was also felt that the words used about creating a European health observatory were too binding.
So, as we approach countries like Guinea, we should be generous in our interpretation.
Otherwise this would have disastrous consequences for Kyrgyzstan.
Cars (ELDR). ­ (SV) Mr President, Carl Bildt, who is chief representative for the EU in the former Yugoslavia, often talks about the need for time and the fact that we must be 'patient.
The fact that we must continue being favourably disposed towards this person because he now apparently defends the legitimate state is worrying or at least puzzling.
Well, I have to say that while some people here may be suffering, as Mr Rothley was saying earlier, from 'Legasthenia', they are also, curiously, suffering from amnesia; and I am very much afraid that genetic engineering is not going to be of much help to them.
Research and development is an important area, not just product research but also market research.
Subsequently, Vietnam normalized its relations with ASEAN and the United States.
Speakers were right to criticize the attitude of Renault, which decided to close the Vilvorde plant for no clearly explained economic reason, without any prior consultation with the organizations representing the workers and with no flanking social and reconversion plan for the workers who will be left high and dry.
We are committed to freedom of research and development.
Nevertheless I have serious doubts whether the necessary safety will actuaUy be guaranteed even if aU the amend ments are accepted.
Vice-Chairman of the International Democratic Union.
The Commission has presented a precise programme of work with a political timetable organized in three stages: the first deals with improving the current VAT system and therefore addresses the perspective Mr Cox has identified; the second provides for the modernization of the VAT system as regards telecommunications services; the third will genuinely simplify the VAT system, moving to a system based on taxation in the country of origin.
It concerned the Ombudsman's power to undertake owninitiative inquiries.
Veterinary officer.
Normally, absorption performance of this subprogramme will have decisively improved by the first half of 1998.
Debates of the European Parliament
It was also given due attention within the scope of the procedure for reviewing the regulation.
Such negotiations will also have the necessary accompanying poütical monitoring.
Unfortunately the killing of civilians has been part of the conflict since it started in 1983.
0 Vice-President of the European Parliament.
While 1998 was the first full year of operation following the end of the three-year start-up period laid down in the Translation Centre's founding regulation, 1999 will be the Centre's year of consolidation, especially in the area of interinstitutional cooperation.
The removal of the Office to Angers had a major impact on staff costs.
This report, and this has already been said several times, provides an excellent starting point for Siegbert Alber in his important new post as Advocate-General to the European Court of Justice.
Report (A4-0174) by Mr Parodi, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a Council Directive amending Directive 94/58/EC on the minimum level of training of seafarers (COM(96)0470 - C4-0550/96-96/0240(SYN))
I stress it was not their willingness to go to Greece but the fact that the people not having mobility in their contracts very often had social responsibilities which made them choose to work there, responsibilities for older generations, children with difficult health etc.. they needed to be in the same place.
I should also like to congratulate the rapporteur most warmly on her excellent report.
In one area, the Amsterdam Treaty is better than its predecessors.
What we are talking about today is the conflict between the adjustment of capacity and the limiting of activity.
Specialist in general surgery and the digestive system.
Europe is a reform project based not on neoliberatism but on ecological solidarity.
Question No 51 by Hans Lindqvist (H-0418/97)
In the course of this work all currently available data concerning risks to workers' health wiU be evaluated.
B4-0219/97 by Mr Bertens and Mr Vallvé, on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal, Democratic and Reformist Party, on new settlements in Jerusalem and Israeli-Palestinian relations;
However, they come up against a number disadvantages: administrative barriers, excessive red tape, a lack of participation in social dialogue, a lack of support for training and funding difficulties.
Reduced and harmonized rates of duty on alcoholic drinks would reduce the incentives to commit fraud.
More often, EP actions involve cases where clearly the EP is just one of many voices publicly pleading the cause of a particular individual or group.
The officialsor servantsin question shall speak on behalf of and as instructed bytheir Governments or institutions.
The report supports and reinforces the key proposal in the Green Paper concerning how to assess proportionality in
Solutions have been found to various problems on which there were at first differ ences of view, but I have to say that there are still some of Parliament's amendments which the Comihission is un able to accept.
For that reason we have explicitly welcomed what the Council presidency said at the trialogue: not creative accounting but a real solution.
So what is this revolutionary report which we have presented, when measured by modern standards? Nothing at all really.
They have applied for membership of both the EU and NATO.
In negotiating fisheries agreements, the Union must not only assert its rights under the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, it must also fulfil its obligations, and this is why it cannot allow itself to export unlimited overcapacity to international fishing grounds.
Aelvoet (V). - (NL) Mr President, we also think it would be most unfortunate if we do not vote on Wednesday.
The original texts of these interventions appear in the edition published in the language spoken.
The only other available document for transit of goods by road in the EU is the carnet TIR.
Read cant moves and for me the most coherent and logical place to start.
Telkämper (V). - (DE) Mr President, another quick point of clarification. I had mentioned that it was worthwhile to support environmentally sustainable projects and, regarding human rights, to protect the peoples living in these forests.
The fact is that if the procedure is not concluded in time, even the best decisions will be useless because it will be too late to pay out the money.
Wijsenbeek (ELDR). - Mr President, I put a very clear question: the Dutch presidency apparently wants the EU to join Eurocontrol, as such, whilst paragraph 17 of the report refers to a new organization.
It strongly encourages it and the amendments that I am submitting to the European Pariiament on its behalf - make no mistake - are aimed solely at ensuring that this European volun
Hory (ARE). - (FR) Mr President, I should like to say that today's debate is a strange and frankly paradoxical one.
Delegation for relations with South-east Europe Chair: Doris Pack (EPP, D)
The provisions formulated in the draft motion and the protocol which have been submitted to us, are intended to correct this ill-conceived integration by a substantial modification of Article 127(2) of the Treaty on Union.
Total interest received in 1997 on the Office's bank accounts amounted to ECU 206 058.31.
Times have changed, but, as in 1957, we need clear-sightedness, intelUgence, determination and that spark of revolutionary courage without which nothing really new is ever achieved.
That is why I say: we need democracy now!
There was radical change in the abandonment of the intergovernmental method in favour of a mode of integration leading towards a completely new kind of federalism.
But I see that Mr Wibe has just arrived.
However, more than six years on from the declaration of sovereignty, it is gradually beginning to emerge from the economic and international isolation in which it found itself thanks to a double embargo: the direct embargo imposed by Greece, and the indirect repercussions of the international community's embargo on the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
The Council Presidency reports to Parliament after the European Council meeting.
They received all the relevant information.
Aspects of the common foreign and security policy are regularly debated in the European Parliament. The CFSP is the particular responsibility of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy.
Priorities f or Joint European Projects in 1999/2000
I think that tiiis long-term negotiation has shown that this system could not function within this great Community, which is increasingly resembling a sort of Von Miinchhausen strategy aimed at getting the Community out of a tight squeeze.
Would the Commission not agree toat this, if found to be of substance, is a shocking and unacceptable practice, toat cannot be tolerated?
Habsburg­Lothringen (PPE). ­ (DE) Mr President, the resolution supporting Denmark and the Netherlands against China's blackmail actually tallies well with the stance of Parliament, which has constantly underlined that we cannot use two yardsticks in human rights questions.
The events of the last few days in Kenya show that this country and its regime are still a long way away from the minimum standards needed to qualify any country as democratic.
Indeed the procedure is quite complex for a country which has not replied.
The establishment of the Union as an area of freedom, security and justice is an extremely high priority for the people of Europe.
Schulz (PSE), rapporteur. - (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to follow on from what Mrs Terrón i Cusí has just said.
His total control over the media gave him a monopoly over political news in rural areas, and he was thus able to rally the voters to his support.
The Ombudsman will first examine your complaint to see if he can deal with it.
O March 1998:
Bianco (PPE). - (IT) Madam President, I too believe that this Parliament must not turn away from the essential' question, which is to restore a minimum of authority in Albania so that order can be restored in a situation of crisis that risks sparking off a dangerous civil war.
It was in 1989 that the Commission, noting the proliferation of takeover bids, both friendly and hostile, in the European private sector, took the initiative of proposing the adoption at Community level of a number of joint provisions governing these practices.
Suppose 13 Member States take an initiative and present it to the Commission.
A large proportion of the Union's activities actions are currently concentrated on promoting markets and competition.
No 4-500/195 shown - there is a very serious danger that the modified product will develop allergies, create resistant strains of bacteria, exterminate traditional varieties, distort the composition of natural fauna, turn whole areas into experimental laboratories, affect the health and life of consumers to an incalculable extent concentrate production in the hands of a few people and lead to job losses and the disappearance of traditional natural crops and entire agricultural regions and populations?
And, as we have the President in the Chair, I would like to say - and I hope the President is listening even though this is in Danish - that, when it comes to the use of information technology in the conduct of business in Parliament, there is a great deal lacking.
For example, it is an excellent idea to bring down VAT, especially for SMEs, and it is also an excellent idea to support cross-frontier cooperation or the training of apprentices and employees employed in craft industries, but in practice small enterprises are being ravaged by growing competition, increasing taxes and costly funding.
Thus there were the beginnings of a change to the traditional system of illegal imports by sea, which had used major networks and numerous large vessels and also a set of organizations within Spain which were in turn connected to some other international superstructure.
Residential facilities range from detoxification to comprehensive therapy pro­grammes and may also include services for women or special groups such as very young drug users or parents with children. ► Treatment and rehabilitation programmes gener­ally attempt to (re)integrate problem drug users into society (housing, work, etc). ► Aftercare to reinsert ex-drug users into social net­works and employment constitute the last phase of long-term treatment, offering job training, halfway housing, family care, etc. ► Significantly more drug users may have contact with the criminal justice system than with treatment services.
Parliament also shares the view that it is necessary to give a proper basis in the text of the regulation to telematic services for the coordination of social security schemes.
The building of Europe has played a leading role in the slow process of breaking down the historical barriers between women and of the labour sector.
There are many anoma­lies in transport systems.
In view of that it is highly unsatisfactory that the Union and the United States are singing from different hymn sheets in matters of policy.
Proactive measures can take various forms.
Indeed, I believe he even took the wheel when going to Dunoon on one occasion.
15.09.1940 Qualified interpreter/translator
Truly the spotlight of healthy competition will fall on the dark vaults of Euro pean banks.
But the big problems that exist when it comes to implementing all this lie in the fact that there are major obstacles in, for example, the mutual recognition of diplomas awarded as a result of training in the various Member States.
It is a parliament with an area of work allocated to it within the framework of the treaty signed by the different peoples of Europe, a treaty which we must respect.
I only see advantages in the proposed arrangements, especially since they have been further improved by Mrs Aelvoet's work and that of the Committee on Development and Cooperation.
The proposal also abolishes the distinction between research and trade, which was not very useful in practice.
Member of various committees representing the Ministry of Planning or the Ministry for the Economy.
However, BSE was removed from the check-list, in other words tests were carried out on meat quality in the United Kingdom, but no longer on BSE.
On the other hand, the Commission is unable to agree to the technical or drafting improvements sought by Amend ments Nos 1, 4, 12, 15, 17, 18, 25, 33, 38, 40, 41, 46, 51, 54, 57, 61, 65, 77 to 80, 85, 90, 95, 96, 98, 100, 102, 105 to 109, 114, 115, 118 and 120 tol22.
Let me give you an example to illustrate the importance of our decisions.
The fact that Europe's population is ageing is not new, we all know it.
We talk about unemployment in the European Union. Our unemployment is much higher, frighteningly so, than it is in the USA.
You can complain to the Ombudsman about maladministration in the activi ties of Community institutions and bodies.
So concerned were the Association's members about the current problems • in thè CT system that they invited an independent body, SGS (Société Générale de Surveillance SA), to make a presentation, of its proposed commercial method of computerised control within the CT system.
Member of the super­visory board of Scansped Holland.
Is it sensible to transfer powers and responsibiUties with out ensuring beforehand that the recipients of those powers and responsibilities are able to take them on?
Souchet organizations to which the Community is a contracting party.
The failure to caU Mr Delors before toe committee is a startling omission and only serves to question toe fact as to whether toe committee was even-handed in its approach.
Addendum
These are just a few questions and many more could be asked.
The second chaUenge is the single currency.
As history teaches us, social dialogue and regulation are rarely granted.
< opean Union zen may send ritten request complaint You may also seek any information you require from a Member of the European Parliament or from:
Sh Leon Brittan was here last night.
de Silguy, Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, allow me to begin by joining in the tribute you have all paid to Alexandre Lamfalussy and to tell him, on the Commission's behalf, how much we have appreciated the work we have done together.
That seems to me a very relevant consideration as to whether we should accept this oral amendment.
Parliament has the last word on spending on the regions (European Regional Development Fund), the fight against unemployment, particularly among young people and women (European Social Fund), cultural and educational programmes, such as Erasmus and Socrates, and it can increase expenditure within
There is no doubt that the various areas of shipping are affected to different degrees by unsafe operators, but wherever they exist they must be denied the unacceptable competitive advantages that they now gain by neglecting the safety of human beings, the safety of vessels and the safety of the environment.
Whatever may be the procedural incidents in connection with the Rules of Procedure which occurred at the start of voting, and which we can return to in due course, I believe we must now vote - very calmly, very peaceably.
To go further, I believe, as also emerged in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, that a great deal of thought should be given to the subject of training and, in particular, encouraging Unk-ups and coop eration between the various management colleges in the Member States in terms of the initiatives they are pursuing. ing.
Ribeiro (GUE/NGL). - (PT) Mr President, in a few decades time, when historians and students of our times try to unravel their mysteries, the word Renault will be a key.
And fourthly, actions to ensure the success of the proposed hew New York process - a process that will proceed in two phases: a bipartite phase, namely Palestine and Israel, and a tripartite phase, namely Palestine, Israel and the United States.
Consequently, education and training assist the better development of the abilities of individual people and their participation in society.
0 Senator during the first democratic parliament.
We cannot simply liberalize trade or pursue the liberalization of investment according in line with the WTO model.
2) OJL 206 of 29 July 1991.
In general, I welcome the rapporteur's acknowledgement that forests provide much more than the simple exploitation of their economic potential and that much of the value of forests cannot be easily quantified in cold facts and figures.
Barón Crespo report (A4-133/97)
I think that, on this score, the future Treaty will introduce improvements to the instruments and procedures for decision-taking.
The President of the Delegation said that he would look into the matter and let me know.
I take exception to some of the comments both on my own side and from the Greens with regard to this issue.
18.12.1940 Member of the European Parliament Finland
This route was illustrated by the interception on the high seas by Spanish customs in January 1997 of a Honduran-registered ship Wendy-I under operation "Columbus".
In accordance with the subsidiarity principle it must also be left in future to Member States and regions as to how they value cultural activities.
It is here that the role of the Commission's antifraud unit, UCLAF, is becorning more and more important, both as regards cooperation between investigators and liaison between those responsible for judicial proceedings.
Answer
I hope that toe President-in-Office of Council will come out clearly on the universality of human rights, for example, which are also to be applied to China.
It is an abysmal record, compared to the United States and Japan.
At this stage to ask for the Azzolini report to come first would be difficult.
There are very good grounds for opposing the EU's current joint organisation of the banana market.
As far as the Commission is concerned, the following major lines of action, in macroeconomic matters, should be pursued.
The megaprogramme has been adopted by toe governments without funds being made available, and those funds have been taken away from development policy.
When that same Parliament says no to a ban on the patenting of 'all use of genetic knowledge leading to the production of weapons intended for use on the anatomical, physiological or psychological system of individuals or specific population groups' (amendment proposal 93, the Green Group), then one becomes really afraid for the world and the future which the peoples of the EU will face - if the European Parliament is allowed to have their way.
For this reason Member States need the freedom to decide how they will support the handicapped and the freedom to decide which rules they will apply.
If you go out and talk to people in EU countries you get the impression that the most important thing is to 'milk' the EU of its money and to get hold of any EU subsidies available.
It has now been officially registered as a complaint.
Alavanos (GUE/NGL). - (EL) Mr President, I should like sincerely to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Watts and the Commissioner, Mr Kinnock on this initiative, an initiative which has unjustifiably been delayed until today and which will perhaps make it possible for a safer and more humane functioning of passenger sea transport, with more respect for ordinary passengers.
France k» the statutory accident insurance bodies are unable to grant subsidies or sponsorship of this kind
Ultimately, there must be some reaction to the way the Union is dictating the applicant countries' domestic policy and that they must subject themselves to the Union's destructive economic dogmatism, just as if these other countries have no values of their own to bring with them but must be treated instead like colonies, whose assets are to be bought and whose people dominated.
These past sixteen years among you have been such a rich experience for me that I hope to be able to influence some of the questions with which the French National Assembly is involved, especially those that concern the European Union.
We shall examine the matter in the Committee on Legal Affairs tomorrow, and then vote.
Many, such as the position of elephants and the trade in ivory, are extremely complex, and there are divided points of view amongst not only affected countries but also the NGOs and other expert groups.
They are most laudable and in this way we can help to open up the route which links Asia, the Middle East and Europe.
Nonetheless, I understand the feeling that, faced with a challenge, the sums involved are small.
The third question concerns the single system, the harmonization of toe system for recognition and registration of cattle.
However, it must be possible to promote this sector, which is of such great interest to the citizens, at EU level.
I particularly welcome the provisions made in respect of 'farmers' privilege' which will clearly allow farmers to freely use seed produced on their own farms.
The maximum total that can be claimed back amounts to FRF 269 082.57.
The ticket giving details of the carriage, which must be submitted at the same time, will be used by the supervisory body to check its data by computer and record the carriage in question in the system, once it has been ascertained that the goods have entered the territory and been handed over to the consignee and the documents concerned posted to the accounts.
Sweden
• requirements as to the standard and size of samples to be delivered by breeders.
Participation by young nationals from nonCommunity countries in the programme activities in theh country of origin and in European Union Member States and taking into consideration certain specific aspects of voluntary service in developing countries and the countries of central and eastern Europe.
The Commission can also confirm that, in the implementation of the 1997 MEDA programme, it intends to comply with the European Parliament's resolution by concentrating its projects in the areas of human rights defence and the promotion of civil society, and that it also intends to furnish aid to the most deprived population groups affected by the events in southeastern Turkey.
We must offer our express support, also, to the democratic political forces which have unanimously called for ETA and Herri Batasuna to be ostracized both inside and outside Spain.
We have repeatedly received complaints from the new parties in the market.
Balanced budgetary rigour also requires real budgetary savings in this sector, which absorbs 48 % of the Community budget.
In this context, the Council has taken due note of the Commission's intention to propose the setting­up of a system of multi­year programme contracts with the European NGOs within the framework of the revision of the general conditions for co­financing, which will be presented as soon as possible.
Here we have very much taken into account all of your previous political and professional life, Mr Gil-Robles.
Adviser, European Commission.
This will rise to 6 % if the export ceiling is breached.
The overall outturn for 1995 was 82 % of available funds. If we had had a simpler regulation we could have done much more and done it at a lower administrative cost.
One possibility might be to discuss the matter when the Committee on Petitions and the Parliament receive the Ombudsman's annual report for the year 1998, at the end of the 1999 session. sion.
In Ireland we have a very high incidence of inherited diseases such as cystic fibrosis and spina bifida.
Mendonça (ELDR), in writing. ­ (PT) I voted against the Lannoye report on the status of non­conventional medi­cines because, among other reasons, I thought that most of the claims set out in the recitals to the motion for a resolution were imbued with a strong feeling of opportun­ism, a lack of impartiality and, fundamentally, conceal behind imprécisions and half­truths economic interests that are not compatible with the interests of ordinary people in terms of their health and quality of life.
Page 255
Let us not confuse the issue.
Cox (ELDR). - Mr President, not surprisingly this debate has generated huge public interest and I think that it poses a challenge to this Parliament as a legislature to face maturely our responsibilities.
Let us profit from that. But let us avoid the error of complacency.
What measures does the Commission plan to take to establish whether the news reports are conect, i.e. whether the United Kingdom has exported beef in contravention of the ban, and if so, what quantities of beef have been shipped to which countries?
0 Federal education chair­man of the SPÖ; member of the SPÖ Executive Committee.
Debates of the European Parliament
I say to you as a social democrat, let us for heaven's sake have an honest debate on this issue and let us design a social security system that will be sensitive to the individual and will help to maximise the opportunities for employment in the Euro pean Union.
These countries not only satisfy the political conditions, but have established their market economies and made sufficient progress in satisfying the other conditions to wanant the opening of these negotiations.
A final point on MAGP IV.
It constitutes proof of toe fact that the European ParUament has been able to combine democratic representation with efficient operation.
Has the Danish Freight Forwarders Association noticed any other relevant areas in this connection, such as level of customs (both relative and absolute), the export refund system, etc.?
The defence industry is a strategic branch.
Like the rapporteur, I urge the Commission to incorporate that measure into EU veterinary policy.
He had the right to intervene and I regret that he was not facilitated as others were.
If we consider the problem of transporting 2000 tonnes over 1000 kilome tres, C02emissions amount to 7 tonnes for transport by sea, 11 tonnes by rail and 60 tonnes by road.
It will be clear from what I have said that the negotiations are currently at a complex and delicate stage.
We have before us a draft for the conversion of man into a mere cog-wheel, and indeed one of the cheapest and most flexible on the market.
Professor at the Panteion University (from 1980) and at the Legal Faculty of the University of the Hague (from 1981 ) of which he was twice proctor.
The Coun­cil can overturn Parliament's rejection only by a unanimous decision.
One year further on we see in the report from toe Court of Auditors that the Commission has not adhered to toat rule.
0 Author of various works on international law and international relations.
As an integral part of the compromise finally reached by the Conciliation Committee and in the interests of clarity, the Commission is making two additional declarations to be included in the protocol to the interconnection directive as finally adopted.
Member of the National Policy Forum.
Second, there is a stubborn disparity between the number of Tis issued and those returned.
We also think that the building of housing must be based on recycling, sustainable use of natural resources, environmental and health considerations and energy efficiency.
Mr President, those are three concrete proposals which should make it possible to make progress towards human and social Europe, a Europe to which our fellow citizens are especially attached.
In seeking to promote democracy, the EP attaches particular importance to observing and monitoring elections, on occasion bringing about a change in EU policy if an election is found to be flawed.
Is there any area where you are actually taking action under your putative foreign policy?
A large number of directives are in hand and awaiting implementation.
President. - The debate is closed.
Up-to-date comparisons of pay levels are needed, but they can only be possible within one sector.
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
Martinez they might be against the Communist Party or against the Socialist Party - it would come to the same thing.
Approximation of budgetary and fiscal policy should have taken place in a natural way and prior to the introduction of EMU, if it were in any way to prove necessary or desirable.
The following conditions would have to be met: reusable hop-growing facilities must be maintained in good condition; the areas must be given permanent grass cover to improve soil fertility; and the areas under hops must not be extended to include other farmland.
What has been achieved to date is only an interim or transitional agreement, meaning that we agree to suspend the WTO panel and not, as has been alleged, to remove it in exchange for promises from the United States.
To that number should be added between 25 000 and 50 000 shore-based jobs.
A key element of the problem is the structure of the liability: the party with the biggest economic interest - the buyer and/or seller which holds the cargo interest - is not legally responsible, while the party that is morally not responsible - the principal, in most cases the freight forwarder who only acts as an intermediary - is legally responsible.
The necessary ethical factors have now been taken into account; the important thing now is for the EU to show vigour and resolution and do whatever it can to catch up on lost opportunities.
The consensus this morning amongst most groups shows that the Commissioner is quite right to take further the regulatory body that she has in mind and she has seen that there is a wish to have that strengthened.
Member of the Ludwigsburg district council (since 1994).
What Is the Problem?
I totally back the call to include a teference to sport in the Amsterdam Treaty.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has drawn up a letter of opinion which shares many of the concerns of this report.
Consequently the company in question is not able to bid.
That was why I suggested that the Commission and the Council fix the setaside rate as early as possible and, if possible, by July, as stated in my report.
Finally, as regards the present Intergovernmental Conference, the Commission is supporting the possibility of adding a declaration on the island regions to the revised Treaty.
Debates of the European Parliament
Failure to restore peace in Algeria would confirm the image of a faint-hearted Europe, turned in on itself, incapable of acting and hence of reacting, making it dangerously vulnerable to separatist ideologies, the symptoms of which are already being felt and could grow in strength.
At a time when the European Union is adopting a new maritime strategy and trying to influence world standards, there is every reason to hope that this dimension will be utilized to the full in the further consideration of the subject.
Fabre-Aubrespy (I-EDN). - (FR) Mr President, you mentioned just now the unanimous support of all the groups for the position you adopted during your visit to Paris.
By the same token, it will allow non-clearance to be identified immediately.
Please find attached a second general document from the CNPF on fraud affecting the Community transit system.
It cannot be done by patent law alone.
The Commission reports periodically to Parliament on the progress made in the area of equal opportunities and on the obstacles encountered and solutions proposed.
I think it would be a good thing if all the other Member States followed suit.
But there is no doubt, on the other hand, that the vocation of a parliament like ours is to make sure that a bit of morality is introduced into them on the basis of the values of humanism, which are the very justification of the European Union.
Condemned to Uve together within borders which often bear little relationship to their history and their desires, the peoples of these countries are having to learn tolerance and the fair treatment of minorities.
I think that to save this very important convention we should overhaul it and give an international organisation, possibly within the UN, the means to take decisions on culling programmes, quite independently.
There is no shortage of examples in the text.
I have to say that this is unreaUstic.
Summary Introduction
Pronk (PPE). - (NL) Madam President, there is an expression in Dutch which says that the later it is in the evening, the more beautiful people become.
In other words, we have seen once again that with negotiations of this type, even though the negotiating partner may not have a perfect democracy and may raise doubts about the European approach, some operations still turn out well in the end and we can be justifiably pleased with the outcome.
Chairman of the Aldo Moro Foundation. 0 Deputy (1968-1994).
Fortunately a clash between rich and poor nations was avoided by the decision that the ILO is the only organization in which the question of social standards can be dealt with and that trade measures are not the right way to impose these standards.
The objectives are to:
A country or society that taxes the printed word is leaning in a dangerous direction and it is one that must be challenged.
It must go beyond general - albeit generous - intentions to improve matters.
Howitt (PSE). - Mr President, in congratulating Mr Liese on the quaUty of his report I would like to concentrate on the three amendments which I, once again, put forward with his support.
He or she 'may', Mrs Green, but it is not obligatory.
I would like to believe that we will reconsider that issue.
Just like German livestock breeders or cereal growers, Community banana producers have a right to have their incomes protected and Community preference applied.
Can we reasonably speak of illegal expropriation?
The ban was imposed to protect human and animal health.
National spokesman (secretary) of the Greens.
Today, by adopting the motion for a resolution tabled by five groups, and our Amendments Nos 1 and 2, the European Parliament can help us to make the French Government withdraw its intention of adopting a law to subject foreigners to incrimination and rejection, an opportunist law, admittedly, but nevertheless the very, very old law of the scapegoat.
For toat reason we are not accepting Amendments Nos 11, 15, 21, 34, 36, 44, 46 and 49.
When we have genuinely common interests, which are properly inventoried, acting together to make them work undeniably brings added value.
The requirement for change gains increased acceptance in this way.
I add that to my retail prices and can rest assured that the supermarket will still pay its way.
It will provide for a ban on investments in illegally expropriated property.
I also believe that the role of teachers in the information society must assume far greater importance than is accorded them in the White Paper.
It would only happen if tobacco imports from cheap countries were also banned and if the manufacture of cigarettes were banned as well.
It was wrong, and it is unacceptable to deal in such a cavalier fashion with the rights of workers as they are enshrined in law.
I should like to thank Mrs Glase and her colleagues on the Committee on Budgets for their contribution. bution.
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by the Greek Freight Forwarders' Association, Thessaloniki.
The refugees and displaced persons in eastern Zaire are in an agonizing situation, and repatriation is still not taking place without difficulties.
The Commission does not foresee any action related to the harmonization of public holidays in the Community.
Any ballot papers containing more than five votes will be declared null.
Mr Crampton mentioned that I declared that the time in which we come, we fish, we pay a little, is over.
December 1994: The carrier, a long-time and reliable business partner based in France, hands the Tl document, cleared by customs in Algeciras, Spain, with an official Spanish stamp, to the freight forwarder which considers its liability terminated.
The European Union has acceded to the Berne Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats and the Bonn Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals.
Italian People's Party Italian Republican Party Italian Socialist Party Communist Refoundation Party Network Democratic Movement South Tyrol People's Party
President - Thank you very much, Mr Hänsch. May I suggest that perhaps the most appropriate course would have been an explanation after the vote rather than a point of order, as you know.
They want improvements in the collective research and development programmes for SMEs, and they want them to be made more accessible.
However, in this case I know that it is one, because for a whole year now I have had the opportunity to work on this report and also to meet people who have themselves been subjected to physical violence, or who work to support people who have.
Answer
The Protestant Church in Germany, my own church, allowed Greenpeace to stage a children's crusade against this Directive at its General Assembly.
If no-one else wants to speak, I shall put the request for urgent procedure to the vote.
That the massacres will stop, the weapons will be laid down, free elections will reflect the popular will, and the Union will regain its lost prestige, at least in part.
This was done a few years ago when we discussed difficult cases in Spain, Italy, Germany and so on.
I would also like to thank the Committee on Budgets which sent a letter with their comments on the report.
It is important that the public be aware - and this is something Liberals have striven for in the European Parliament - of exactly what goes into the foodstuffs that they are buying.
1. lf a proposal for a decision pursuant to Article 3(1Xa) or a motion for a resolutionpursuantto Article s 3(1Xb),4(1) or 5(1) fails toobtain therequired majority or if any amendment to the figures containedin the proposal for a decisionpursuant to Article 3(1Xa) is adopted, the matter shall be deemed to have beenreferred back to the committee responsible, which shall report back to Parliament atthe subsequent partsession, taking into account Parliament's vote.
With you, we are concerned that the European voluntary service should be accessible to all young people without exception.
We have Rules and we should stick by them.
The Danish Social Democrats favour a certain coordination of policy on taxes and duties at EU level but wish to retain powers at national level to decide on VAT questions of key importance.
Some companies do not object.
On the subject of budgetary powers, I would simply say the following: the talks on the distinction between com­pulsory and non­compulsory expenditure at the IGC have not indicated ­ and I think this is something you should be aware of ­ that the distinction is likely to be abolished.
I asked him if there is any factuaUy conect information on whether at this moment it is possible to change the labelfing system.
Other international agencies.Interpol promotesinternational cooperation in the enforcement oflaws curbing illicit drug production,manufactureand trafficking.Links between the EMCDDA and Interpol,established in 1995,are to be strength-ened.The World Customs Organisation (WCO) attempts to harmonise customs procedures andto increase the effectiveness of targeting drugconsignments.
At the request of the Commission or the Council, a committee may decide tohold its proceedings in camera.
Moreover, in then- appearances before the Committee of Inquiry, the Commission's representatives sometimes acted in bad faith, concealing information and often preventing the committee from carrying out its work effectively.
In toat connection, I wish to clear up three specific issues.
Amongst the binding legislation, it is proposed to make it compulsory to submit any infrastructure project for a safety impact study, something similar to what already happens vis-à-vis the environment.
Annual subscriptions run from March, the beginning of the Parliamentary year, until February.
Paasio (PSE). - (FI) Mr President, the report by Mr Danesin on a new maritime strategy is a wide-ranging and comprehensive document, which makes it clear that the subject has been studied thoroughly.
by Mrs Hoff (A4-0026/97), on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision on the conclusion of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement be tween the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part, and Georgia, of the other part (COM(96)135-5872/96 - C4-0320/96-96/0092(AVC)),
Let the budgetary god and the tight monetary policy take care of it.
0 Member of the Executive Bureau of PASOK's Central Committee.
Matikainen-Kallström (PPE). - (FI) Mr President, I should like to thank Mrs Pack for her important report.
Changes to the way the transit procedure is organized a) b) c) d)
This does not seem acceptable to me. But this new episode in an already lengthy trade war also bears witness to the existence of a conflict between two development concepts, one in the WTO and one in the European Union.
This House is wedded to the idea of unitary progress, within a single institutional framework, to the point of caricature when it goes so far as to proclaim that the European Parliament, in its entirety, has the right of codecision regarding the legislative framework and ad ministrative spending of differentiated cooperation, even when these joint actions would, by definition, involve only certain Member States and not aU.
I support an increase in research and also in forecasting studies, but more is needed in order to develop production and to combat unfair competition and social dumping.
Langenhagen the funding cunently earmarked for the agreements could be used to finance this instead.
In particular, the draft regulation clarifies the nature of the certification to be provided by the Member State. The guidelines for net financial conections flow, in the Com mission's view, ÍTom the existing provision of the main structural fund regulation and do not require any additional legal base.
Member of the board of directors of companies in the building sector.
Annual report on the activities of the European Ombudsman in 1996
Samples of the available international knowledge could be useful
Ahlqvist, Theorin and Wibe democratic control over EU institutions. For the most part the report is good but there are two points which I cannot agree with.
Therefore I think that we should bæk this motion, but as long as the amendment which we have tabled is passed as well.
Liese (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, population growth is a problem for the development of many countries.
A Parliament of that kind, a democratic interlocutor that is representative of the people, will be more able to dialectically oppose the governments of our countries, so that Europe can assure future generations of a more secure future.
But, with monetary union, the fine words on employment will translate to higher unemployment.
Delors also made it clear that basically regional develop ment must be interpreted more broadly.
The Committee merely notes that the technique exists and has to be used.
If the opinion Parliament delivered at its first reading is not suf­ficiently taken into account in the Council's common position, Parliament may reject the proposal at second reading.
SOURCE LANGUAGE
Far beyond the arms industry, this is a crucial question for the external trade of the European Union, as well as Germany - if I may be allowed a brief national remark - the United Kingdom, France and other Member States.
If there is a particular point in the social dialogue that Mr Rübig would like to raise with me, I would be happy to deal with him privately.
This is a sign that all is not well with the process of translating the Maastricht Treaty aims on openness into practice.
Degree in political science.
10.1 Main features of social insurance system
However, it seems to me out of the question that the European Union should challenge existing and deep forms of solidarity. This is particularly true in terms of agricultural issues.
Lis Jensen (I-EDN), in writing. - (DA) There are many reasons why I cannot vote for this report.
Those, like me, who want economic union, may also want it at a later point in time, and I think that those who do want it have also to be in favour of closer citizen participation in this issue.
As he always does, Mr Linkohr has made a balanced and constructive reply to the CouncU's common position.
Priority must be attached to providing a more solid basis for the many small and mediumsized businesses, which account for the majority of jobs and help shape the environment, by giving them information on the costs and benefits of European legislation.
So far as the economic aspect is concerned, I cannot of course comment in detail.
We must demonstrate that war crimes will not be tolerated and that they will never be acceptable in law.
METHODS OF FRAUD USED BY THE TOBACCO CONTRABAND ORGANISATIONS
In case of claim from customs, therefore, the first consequence is that the principal is approached by customs for reimbursement of outstanding taxes, duties and excise.
In adopting that resolution, we made it clear which direction we were taking.
What is needed is effective poUcy, no more, no less. We need to help.
These are issues which we need to address.
Adam (PSE). - Madam President, in recent weeks Members of this Parliament have been subjected to a barrage of misinformation on this subject, which has been orchestrated by the Green movement.
The Union must remind all the parties where their responsibilities lie, must show military restraint and point to wards democracy.
Of course, we think this proposal is reasonable and fair.
Similarly, a CPVR cannot coexist with a patent.
There are similar restrictions in Austria, Germany, Italy and Portugal. Also, one area of the honourable Member's own country - the Basque country
And I welcome the efforts being made by the Italian Government to foster dialogue between the Albanian Government and the opposition further.
Moreau (GUE/NGL). - (FR) Mr President on a com plaint from the United States, acting on behalf of their banana multinationals which dominate the world market, the World Trade Organization panel has just concluded that the common organization of the banana market does not conform to the rules of international trade.
Both fax and E-mail will also force the postal services to be really competitive.
The same right may be exercised by any person, of whatever nationality, who resides in a Member State.
Ephremidis on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection and especially of course its rapporteur, Mr Amadeo, for the support that has been given to the proposal which is now before the House.
The law of the Member States notes that protection under the Convention can only be offered to those persecuted by state authorities.
2. the Union has not been endowed with the legal personality it needs;
This, as I see it is the result of a senseless policy pursued by the Council and by the Member States themselves, which have supported dictatorial and tyrannical regimes to the bitter end.
That was on 9 December.
Even if the positive rumours on peace talks under the leadership of Mandela are true, an international force must be an important element of creating a lasting peace.
Answer
That is one demand.
Contracting Parties take all the necessary measures to avoid the theft and misuse of customs stamps and may provide for the use of new technologies, such as special security ink, to impede the falsification of customs stamps;
The delegation found its visit to Rotterdam very interesting and useful, predominantly for the reason that it provided an insight into the role customs, and thereby the collection of own resources, can play in the commercial life of a port like Rotterdam.
It is thus the job of governments and scientists to convince producers and consumers of the need for change.
And, today, the Commission is refusing to safeguard the moral, material and financial interests of the Community and its citizens by taking the necessary steps against a Member State.
Giansily (UPE). - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, yet again we are dealing with the scourge of fraud.
Let me make our position quite clear on the question of membership.
The power and influence of the European Parliament has been strengthened in a number of areas, our ability as a small Member State to nominate a Commissioner has been preserved and a new chapter on employment has been inserted into the Treaty.
For example, in the case of a steel plant, the Commission could not allow transport compensation aid because it is subject to a specific state aid rule.
Notice to Members
It is no great feat to transpose a European law into national legislation in Greece.
I note that that wiU clearly continue to be the case until the Member States have had their referendums and made their yes or no decisions in the national parliaments.
Despite the fact that three transit operations were reported as not having been duly completed after 23 weeks and no reply had been received to inquiries, they allowed a further six transit operations, with a variety of guarantors, to be started.
Report (A4-0037/97) by Mr Papayannakis, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment Public Health and Consumer Protection, on the proposal for a Council Regulation regarding the labelling of beef and beef products (COM(96)0460 - C4-0546796-96/0229(CNS))
Those amendments cannot be accepted because it does not seem appropriate, in view of the general situation of the sector in the European Union, to introduce global arrangements for income subsidies or premiums.
However, it should be recorded that the situation has improved recently.
If they can record details for the purpose of vendor control for duty-free - which I agree they should be doing - why can they not have a list for the purposes of search-and-rescue?
Much has changed for the better since that time.
But when disaster strikes, there needs to be an adequate system of insurance protection which entitles consumers to full and fair compensation and gives access to funds within a short time to meet urgent commitments.
To prevent this, I have tabled an amendment to the Medina Ortega report, on behalf of my group.
Category 3, which is the lowest category, means that there is a cause for concern for man owing to possible carcinogenic effects but in respect of which the available information is not adequate for making a satisfactory assessment.
Mr Santer is here and we shall convey your request to the Council for it to take more effective measures to tackle the problem you have brought to our attention.
The Commission communication describes the measures which the European Union can take in the short term.
(B4­0757/97) by Mrs Hautala and others, on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament, on toxic blue­green algae, in the Baltic Sea;
Moreover, during the objective 2 negotiations, the government recently accepted the possibility of including elected representatives in the Monitoring Committees in all the regions.
At the same time those three countries, by accepting the Maastricht Treaty, declared their political alignment to the principles of the Union.
Obviously this country is in a very weak trading position and is going to have very little effect on the finances apart from the direct transfers provided for in the TACIS Programme, which is a different subject from the one that I am dealing with.
28.06.1946 Specialized nurse
We naturally condemn the attacks in the strongest terms, but at the same time find it hard to give unequivocal support to the Algerian Govern ment.
It is also regularly discussed in normal contacts between the Council and Ambassador Moratinos.
In other areas, however, this will not apply, so it will not be possible to conclude such an agreement. That will need to be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Its main tasks are as follows: receipt and checking of applications for protection, organisation of technical examinations and site inspections, administration of the register, production of official technical publications and relations with the applicants, national offices and international bodies in the sector.
That is one point. The second is this: I expect the Commission to adopt a more positive approach.
The study mentioned by the Honourable Member has not been brought to toe Commission's attention.
It is for all these reasons, Mr President, that the Europe of Nations Group, while acknowledging the quality of the work done by Mr Bertens, will be very vigilant regarding the concrete proposals based upon it by the European Commission.
It has therefore launched an appeal for a political - I repeat political - solution to be found.
Article 1002 - Total
Firstly, of course, the relationship of trust between many Members of the House and the Commission has been shattered.
Debates of the European Parliament
How can the Council trust us and take us seriously if we are incapable of making coherent recommendations and produce urgencies which are inaccurate and contradictory?
It is also an important key to free trade which is why we clearly have an extremely important task in helping the industry.
Very briefly, how can we implement that coordination of economic policies without the instruments to do so?
There are a number of things that we want to see emphasized in the report, and we have tabled a number of amendments to that end.
It should be pointed out that these experiments raise an entirely new set of problems, in relation to the transfer of genetic information from an adult mammal into a receptor cell which is an unfertilized ovocyte - which had been thought totally impossible until now.
Contents
We shall see in the next few weeks what happens, but you also know that the minimum price has not been a very efficient measure.
Luxembourg: Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, 1999
is the first time that we find ourselves having to authorise foodstuffs like medicines; this kind of compulsory authorization is something new.
Caccavale (UPE). - (LT) Mr President, I asked toe previous chairman, Mr Anastassopoulos, if my report could be voted on this morning.
This is not only evident from the figures for pages translated, but also by the growth in the number of the Centre's partners.
The risk assessment report will describe the risk for the envhonment, the public and workers from exposure to trichloroethylene. In the draft presented by the UK it is indicated that certain occupational exposure situations may pose risks in poorly controlled workplaces.
But above all we have a pressing duty to do everything within our power to put an end to these barbarous acts.
The Commissioner made it clear that technical assistance, such as that given to the Visegrad states, would be provided in preparation for future extensions of the regime.
Following the Single European Act, a preliminary chamber, the Court of First Instance, was set up.
Indeed, on a social level -and especially in the field of employment - there seem to be no changes of a major sort on the horizon, no
We are also seeing more and more old and run-down aircraft taking to the skies.
For the island regions, as for the other regions of the Union, the aim is to guarantee the sustainable development of those regions in which sufficient convergence has not been achieved.
It. is degrading both for the women who appear in the advertisements and for those who are forced to look at them.
This painful affair calls for a farreaching review of our diplomacy and our development policy.
(The sitting was opened at 5.05 p.m.)
The fact that, instead of taking a decision, the President of the sitting preferred to refer the matter to the Bureau, has raised the question -and is raising the question again today - of which is the responsible body and what is the appropriate procedure for resolving such matters.
And we should not forget the hepatitis Β and C vaccines which, thanks to biotechnology, have eliminated former potential risks of viral contamination.
The construction of an interpretative centre at Mullaghmore in the Burren, County Clare was one of the projects included in the Tourism Operational Programme for Ireland for the period 1989-1993.
Then we have a convention.
Even today, we still tolerate the imprisonment of Fatos Nano.
Objectors become parties to the application proceedings and are entitled to access the relevant documents.
It conferred important new powers on the European Parliament, including co-decision-making on legislation (Parliament makes decisions on an equal footing with the Council in certain major areas) and the appointment of a European Ombudsman.
I think that if you want a serious discussion on this we must approach it in a serious way.
I have already said that the Agenda specifies that the debate starts at 10.00 a.m.and continues this evening, and that there will be voting at 12.00 noon, as has already been approved by this House.
Debates of the European Parliament
D Yes D No Reasons:
I hope he will forgive me.
Answer
Views and intentions are formulated in the resolution on the agenda, for which I have great sympathy.
In the face of the challenges now before us, which are addressed by this exceUent report ­ defending social protection, an issue closely linked to that of employment ­ we cannot act timidly or stay on the back foot.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
This requires a common approach to risk analysis and the nature of controls, comparable powers and adequate resources.
But should we sacrifice peace, security, freedom, democracy and solidarity to efficiency?
in the following fields:
Lastly, the UK Govern ment brought unacceptable pressure to bear on toe Com mission not to carry out any inspections, and even when, in spring 1996, the BSE crisis turned into a public health catastrophe, the Conservative British Government displayed an incredible lack of good will in its implementation of the measures to eradicate the disease.
We must give our support to those, even in the Israeli community, who are concerned about future relations between Israel and the Palestinians.
I think if others in the House, and the Socialist Group in particular, are also willing, we can settle this matter satisfactorily.
Let us be absolutely clear about this: if the price of enlargement is the degeneration of the Union into a mere free trade area, then that price must.not be paid.
The user of the Official Gazette can assume that, in principle a pub­lished proposal for variety denomination has already been subject to a preliminary examination by the Office but not a definitive decision.
But then when a country that has the Presidency and is supported by other countries tries to do something, the first problem is to get it through the Council, and if that does not happen then as in this case you find these two countries that stuck out theh neck are punished by the country that ought to have been penalised by the European Union.
Secondly, scrupulous respect for private life, and very specifically for correspondence, with electronic mail necessarily being strictly protected.
■ earlier Community trade marks:
This inadequate and inoperable stitch-up of an agreement is so full of holes that a pack of polar bears could rampage through it.
d'Aboville (UPE). ­ (FR) Mr President, my colleague, Professor Cabrol, who followed the conciliation on the health programme, is unfortunately absent, and has asked me to speak on his behalf.
I think that this programme is important and the result has been good thanks to the serenity and good work carried out by the rapporteur, Mr Poggiolini, and also thanks to Mrs Fontaine's skills, as she firmly but courteously and admirably chaired the Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee.
Debates of the European Parliament
During the 199596 farming year, we noted that the inadequacy of our cereal production hindered the fulfil ment of some of our commitments, especially to the Middle East and North Africa.
Notwithstanding the substantial difficulties, the Commission favours some kind of black-listing system allowing the identification of traders for the purposes of their exclusion from the transit system.
Mr President, subject to these comments I still have great hopes of next year's draft budget.
Stewart-Clark (PPE). - Commissioner, I have read your written reply and I heard what you have said.
I also believe that we should not limit ourselves to considering the question of transfers of powers by national parliaments.
Pasty (UPE). - (FR) Mr President, I shall be very brief.
I will make a copy of her letter available to you, Mr President.
Of course, this joint text is a compromise.
This is the most logical form of both environmental and consumer protection, and we have therefore proposed that Article 101 should be adopted as the legal basis.
We must never forget the victims of the neo-racist inspired war in former Yugoslavia, and we must stress, as this resolution does, that ethnic politics and ethnic divisions are totally incompatible with the establishment of the rale of law in the region.
I also endorse the view expressed in the report that the EU's social policy requires a stronger legal basis.
Today we should not be surprised to see the situation suddenly worsen: the factions are out of control, out of any kind of control, either by Berisha or by his opponents.
Is our life an invention?
Other priorities are building an enabling economic environment for all of Kosovo’s communities, road infrastructure, support for local government, education, energy, food safety and veterinary services and public procurement.
Marin. - (ES) Of course, I admit that it is quite easy for anyone - and I hope that this is going to be resolved at the Intergovernmental Conference - to demonstrate that the European Union not only has double standards but also has treble or quadruple standards ever since what hap pened in Geneva on the human rights in China.
Economics is not a natural process.
0 Bureau member of the World Peace Council.
Mr President, ladies and gentiemen, there is no doubt that this is yet another critical moment for the Middle East.
This is a valid question, but we are surprised that the Commission is raising it with regard to Europe, but does not raise it more often where it is a hundred times more glaring: with regard to international trade relations.
The task force will have an extremely difficult role to play.
I am thinking in particular of the deepening of structural policies, those intended to improve the functioning of the labour market, and that is how I interpret the decisions taken yesterday.
The rapporteur is right: regulations regarding cabin baggage are already in existence.
0 aim to develop modern textbooks
I fear we are on our way to creating a new fudge by having even further grey areas.
The new Treaty, as the Commission and the European Parliament both wanted, communitizes much of the third pillar and incorporates the Schengen Accords.
I am sorry that our Conservative colleagues are succumbing to the temptation to try to change the rules when the result does not suit them!
POLITICAL GROUPS
However, the fewer is not yet operational in national legal systems and the latter remains to be ratified by national parliaments.
The Directive also requhes that for pay-television services, conditional access providers offer their services to broadcasters on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms.
At the trialogue it was the Commissioner himself who confirmed the principle that no payments due under these agreements can be made until Parliament has delivered its opinion.
This partnership creates duties for us: the democratization process, human resource training, the development of localized and lasting economic structures.
This is of course a matter, which while it did not exactly decide the result of the British election, will not decide the result of the French election or decide the result of very much else, is nonetheless important.
Approval of the Minutes
At its meeting on 20 March 1997, the Administrative Council reminded those present of the need to create permanent staff posts at the Office (a principle which it had already adopted at its meeting of 12 December 1996), and then emphasised that competitions should be organised in the coming years in order to fill the posts due to become permanent in 2001. At the meeting on 16 and 17 December 1998, the President of the Office underlined the fact that the organisation of competitions for permanent posts would commence in 1999.
Parliament has also given specific support, in its debates and resolutions, to the primary objective of sustainable price stability, and, in consequence, to the need for independent national and European Central Banks.
We have no power of co­decision over toe ACP budget.
With criticism of the regional development policies growing, the European Commission must evaluate the beneficial repercussions of the regional development policies on the richest regions of the Union.
There is already a discernible tendency for the conver gence criteria to be taken as an excuse for not reforming social security systems, but deregulating them.
Such a statement may be followed by a debate.
We as a parliament, and ordinary citizens must be kept regularly informed by the Commission.
Debates of the European Parliament
The substantial outlay proposed in the area of training, and more specifically in training for fishermen's wives, who handle the commercial management of fishing­related businesses, seems to us to be entirely appropriate.
It indicated in particular its agreement on the work method presented by the Presidency for the guidelines for the various dossiers.
') See Annex 'Question Time'.
Work in various computer centres in industry (1980­1984); housewife (1984­1989).
Oreja Aguirre, Member of the Commission. - (ES) You are referring to a specific situation which seems to be provided for in the treaty.
I asked toe Commission whether it was prepared to carry out an analysis of various aspects.
Community trade mark. p. 6
The system does not provide any mechanism for notifying the Principal/Guarantor that the movement has been successfully completed.
Those organisations in the partner country that will benefit from the project's dissemination activities (see also the above paragraph) may receive basic communication equipment, selected books and teaching aids, but on a limited scale.
What I mean is that the prospect of short-term gains should not induce us to put our future in hock to this extent.
In this context I would say that the European Union has powers under the third pillar to facilitate harmonization.
Van Lancker (PSE). ­ (NL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen.
Spain and Portugal are in practice unable meet the health standards, which are interpreted differently nowadays.
Grand Officer of the Order of the Two Niles (Sudan).
We are not concerned with morals, I want to make that quite clear, and certainly not with censorship; we do not wish to censor the advertising profession, but to ensure that certain minimum standards for the protection of women's dignity are maintained.
Furthermore, the Commission must coordinate its policy between the various Directorates-General.
Question No 107 by Carole Tongue (H-0060/97) Subject: Implementation of European broadcasting quotas
Recruitment selection procedures in 1998
President of the International Textile Manufacturers Federation.
Commander in the naval reserve.
We ask that the use of driftnets be banned in general, irrespective of area.
Is such a state of affairs to be tolerated in Europe in 1997?
The proposal is under examination by the Council.
Dr Fuchs outlined the intended programme and answered questions by Mr Kellett-Bowman, Mr Perry, Mr König and Mr Bosch
You cannot escape the need to take serious economic action in this sector.
Usually these assessments are done in respect of legislation.
In practice, it concentrates on road traffic, and within road traffic it concentrates on the costs caused by heavy lorries.
While nothing can bring back lost lives, the dispensing of justice is a historical,imperative and helps to heal the wounds created by the personal history of Alois Brunner.
Moreover, it was plain to see that there were insufficient resources to honour the commitments entered into before and after that date, in particular those arising from the fact that the vast majority of employees were doomed to lose their jobs.
Decisin on urgency, p. 2 -3.
In view of the disturbing trend of the German labour market - I need not quote you the figures here - we must try to adapt the existing aid measures in as simple a manner as possible, which in principle is already possible ' through the regulation.
First of all, we would like to call a conference to discuss the situation in Kosova.
But we very much doubt, for example, that the internal market has increased the Union's GNP by 130 billion dollars as stated in point 3 of the report.
Sindal impact of that on the local environment.
Despite warnings, the Commission was slow in reacting and bringing the issue to the attention of politicians; the Council failed to recognize the new challenges posed by the Single Market project and customs services proved unable to adapt ways of thinking that were manifestly out of date. All sinned by omission, rather than commission.
Unfortunately these recommendations are still a dead letter.
Usually, statistics on the numbers of working days lost and the number of disability pensions awarded as a result of these occupational accidents and health risks are available too.
Another achievement is that it succeeded in upgrading the problem of the transit system from a purely technocratic issue to a political issue, as indeed it is.
Then there is the matter of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea, in the Suanzes-Carpegna report.
What use is state sovereignty? It is time we recognized that we can only defend life and liberty by pooling all our weapons and one of them is implementing the Europol Convention which will give us the formula to achieve an objective so vital in this day and age.
The deliberateness is stressed of the action in order to pay no or less taxes.
Our group's support would have been even greater and more heartfelt if the following points had been taken into account.
Electronic trade in particular offers very interesting prospects for large and small European entrepreneurs provided that the ASEAN countries do not put up any thresholds in that area.
Since the second half of the 1980s, the growing desire for general harmonization called for the setting up of a socalled transitional VAT system that everyone knew was not appropriate.
Then we mention in the report the role of the European Parliament.
In its contacts with the Algerian leadership the Council unceasingly and repeatedly expresses its concern at the situation.
Senior engineer (occu­pational health and safety engineer for Häme, 1973-1989).
The transit procedure following the establishment of the EU's internal market
For example, toe directives make it possible to exclude any entrepreneurs guilty of an offence or serious misconduct resulting from the violation of legislation designed to promote environmental interests; to make toe performance of contracts awarded conditional upon the respect of environmental obligations; to include environmental aspects in toe technical conditions governing the characteristics of the works, supplies or services which are toe subject of contracts.
0 Chairman of the SDP (1987-1991 ).
On the other hand, monetary policy cannot bring down long term interest rates.
Those measures will cover all types of support measures for structural adjustment and rural development currendy confinanced by the EAGGF, Guidance Section.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is very annoying for Commissioner Bjerregaard that Commissioner Brittan should be here. You have won.
It should be remembered that the transit system allows the temporary suspension of customs duties, excise duties and VAT until these are paid at the destination of the goods.
Oomen-Ruijten (PPE). - (NL) Mr President, I should like to propose on the basis of Rule 96 that you should take the Tomlinson report off today's agenda and reschedule it for the second June part-session.
Politically the two are linked even if they are not legally linked.
The committee responsible shall make a recommendation to Parliament as to whether the nomination should be approved.
One of the expectations of the European public is indeed that we should make progress with the major goals of European integration, but another is that, where necessary, we should take our pitchfork and clear out the stable.
0 Chairman of the Gironde Federation of the Republican Party.
Legal protection of biotechnological inventions, p. 26 - 4.
However, one has to recognize the diversity of European forests; theh multifunctional nature and the need for ecological, economic and social sustainability.
0 Member of Parliament (since 1970).
Rosado Fernandes (UPE). - (PT) Mr President it is obvious that any farmer looking at all of these rules and all of these regulations and all of these directives some times has no desire to invest, to restructure or to group.
That is why, with a report this armour-plated and ultra-conservative, Mr Funk has lost an opportunity to make the European Parliament's voice heard more strongly on the objective problems which exist in our agricultural budget.
Pressure should be brought to bear on countries to make them fulfil the UN Convention which they have signed.
We, as they say, had established the principles on which we wanted to see those guarantees provided.
Article 138 states toat Finland may grant subject to authorisation from the Commission and for a transitional period of five years from the date of membership, transitional and progressively reduced state aid to producers of basic agricultural produce which is subject to the Common Agricultural Policy.
For instance, one million roofs and walls programme, together with a 15 000 megawatt wind programme (offshore and in the mountains) and a 1 million megawatt biomass programme.
It is vital that the European Parliament and the Commission recognize that radon exposure is a European-wide problem that merits the provision of EU funding.
The European Parliament has passed a whole series of resolutions and made its positions clear.
Amendments Nos 13, 15 and 19: the Commission can accept the principle of amendments consolidating the financial controller's right to give a visa on commitments and payments by sampling methods in appropriate cases.
The quite favourable trend of events thus emphasized by the observers should enable us to approve this partnership agreement, and I welcome that.
The report is a very wideranging one in both technical and political terms, and is extremely comprehensive.
NGO 'Clean Clothes' campaign:
So we regard it as a matter of urgency for this debate to be held before the end of this month.
There is an amendment tabled by Mr Schòrling and Mr Wolf which would affect the balance of the Commission proposal and we are not in a position to accept it for that reason.
The restrictive possibility of referring to national interest (in exceptional cases) - I prefer to speak of security interests, as it happens - is a price to pay for this advance.
At least we are making a start with implementing the noble aims set out in the Energy Charter.
So in our report we call on the Commission to ensure, before final ratification of the agreement that all the signatory states are interpreting it in the same way and if necessary to take the appropriate legal precautions in the form of reservations and interpretative statements, for the avoidance of doubt, such as authorizing the use of force in certain circumstances, which require clear and uniform interpretation, as there might otherwise be conflict.
Debates of the European Parliament
In principle, I am receptive to all liberalization movements that allow new forms of economic activity but - the crucial point - consumer protection cannot be disregarded at this particular time.
This verdict from the panel is only the first in a series of WTO rulings that threaten environmental and consumer protection in the EU.
The need for Community structural measures to prevent the environment deteriorating, highly rational use of environmental impact studies, sharing the cohesion fund 50-50 between infrastructure and environmental projects, more effective monitoring committees, creation of a specific Community initiative on the environment... ladies and gentlemen, all this cannot remain a mere wish list, but has to be transformed into tangible reality.
The removal of the blockade, this is one measure which is by no means negligible when it concerns a country obliged to defend itself from the daily threat of terrorism.
Meeting the criteria is a task for the organizations and associations who wish to take part in the social dialogue.
It is no longer enough just to say 'Europe' to be sure of gaining the support of Europeans.
Or perhaps in another language?
Vegetables
President - The next item is the debate on the report by Mr Titley (A4-0076/97), on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, on the Commission communication on the challenges facing the European defence-related industries, a contribution for action at European level (COM(96)0010 - C4-0093/96).
We note with regret that the House has taken an inconsistent decision by rejecting our amendment and cutting a normal part-session.
Parliament's seat is in Strasbourg where the one-week plenary sessions are held once a month.
Firstly that the Commission will have to verify all initiatives on the part of the British Government regarding the Treaty.
We point the finger at everyone except ourselves. I can find no women in the top parliamentary service positions.
Support for human rights and democracy also needs to form part of a broad-based and coherent approach to conflict prevention and management.
Former director of the Language Institute, University of Granada.
0 Vicechairman of the European Promotional Sports Movement.
Tillich (PPE), rapporteur. ­ (DE) I agree with the Socialist Group, Madam President.
In a few weeks' time the Commission
The codecision procedure in particular has helped to create a balance of legislative power between the Council and the European Parliament.
Debates of the European Parliament
which are specific to the European Development Fund.
Question No 92 by Marianne Eriksson (H-0539/97) Subject: Homosexuals in the EU institutions
Total pp
Unfortunately, I am sorry to tell Mr Baldarelli, the decisionmaking process has not yet reached a stage where a decision can be taken in the Council.
B4-0790/97 by Mr Hatzidakis, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party, on the political situation following the UN-sponsored talks on Cyprus in Troutbeck and Montreux;
As elected representatives of European Parliament citizens, we are sent petitions, remarks, comments and suggestions on whether it is wise to change the clocks.
Having undertaken these negotiations over some broad principles of terminology and participation, it is reasonable to expect nòw a consistent approach to all aspects of health policy in the pipeline and to look for an effective approach across Commission directorates and portfolios when it comes to cooperation on research or economic, social and environmental policies, for example, which affect public health.
The port users have established a Port of Antwerp Promotion Association.
And its regret, too, at seeing that neither the European Union nor great powers like the United States have really got to grips with the problem by launching sustained diplomatic initiatives and deploying a multinational force with a mission not to wage war but to protect civilians and try to support moves towards peace.
DOC_EN\CM\294\294888
0 Author of'Bonde i lokalsamhället' and 'Tankar, a collection of poems.
Secretary of the Common Market Committee of the ÛEOE.
May I extend my compliments to Mr. Izquierdo Collado on his report in dealing with a subject which is not exactly electrifying.
But it is Guatemala that has just introduced a peace process on which we again want to congratulate the negotiating partners.
Is it to carry on taking decisions on legislation behind closed doors, like some sort of Politburo?
- the report (A4-0053/97) by Mr Kellett-Bowman, on behalf of the Temporary Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System; and
It is not right that we should have to trudge up on foot or argue, the toss with officials of Parliament who refuse us access to the lifts.
We wondered
Has Mr Chirac commented at all on his remarks?
The main priority of the European Union is jobs.
It is important you read it before completing the forms.
This report is valuable and offers guidance, but I still have misgivings about its lack of a global character, particularly in budget ary terms, as such a character would lend credibility to this interesting drugs-related policy.
Not being able to sleep properly actually changes a person's life radically.
What are we getting out of it in practice?
I was surprised to note, how ever, that the wildest opponents of our tobacco producers were in many cases the very people who endlessly and
It would have been much better to bring those three countries, plus Slovenia and Romania, into the Western European Union, perhaps alongside their future accession to the European Union.
ThL· presence and WAN, mean that SGS are well placed to provide the control and audit f unctions envisaged in the trade system proposal and ato the means to enable the trade messages to be exchanged irrespective of source and destination.
Certain Member States and representatives of the European Parliament have insisted on a rapid decisionmaking process concern ing the setaside percentage for the next year.
Oomen-Ruijten (PPE). - (NL) This proposal ought to mean that the Fitzsimons and Flemming reports are also brought forward.
Let us therefore encourage the progressive forces of Turkey.
As I said, they rotate over time, because we believe that they should not always be the same, in accordance with the two criteria I mentioned a moment ago.
I also support the use of research funds to try to find a better quality product, and particularly research geared to reducing the nicotine content, a harmful product of to bacco.
Fot example, a tempotary committee on employment was established at the beginning of the current legislature.
While I do not wish to go into detail on all the rejections, let me just mention Amendment No 39, in respect of which the Commission can accept committee procedure Ub, which aUows the CouncU to adopt arrangements other than those proposed by the Commission, instead of procedure Mb as provided in the Commission proposal.
Of all the subjects that we shall be giving priority to over the coming six months, one is the social acquis in the context of enlargement.
Wynn (PSE). ­ I was hoping that the rapporteur would delete the last three words.
What we are looking for, however, and what is certainly not in any of the documents that we have seen is mention of parliamen
(Parliament approved the Agenda thus amended) (')
The majority of the Community transit declarations are made by forwarding agents on behalf of their clients in trade and industry.
Another 96,000 tonnes of CFCs, and in July of this year it was discovered that 150 tonnes of these dangerous substances were being dealt in illegally and that they come particularly from China and Russia.
The report quotes the Commission's 1995 report on the future of social welfare, which questions the direct link between the payments made by social security contributors and the covering of risk.
POSITIVE MEASURES
After all, it is far easier for medium and large enterprises to find experts who know how to fill in the extremely complicated questionnaires presented to them by the Commission.
The ornithological value on the basis of the Birds Directive of this site is well established and it has been proposed in the draft national list.
The Coun­cil has thus implemented the provisions discussed at the meeting of 24 July.
Today, unfortunately, the situation is completely different.
The message here is cooperation, both on the police front and at the judicial level.
And the extension of the transit system to the Visegrad countries is a clear example of the need to deepen rather than widen.
University lect­urer (since 1969).
ALTENER II, which has not yet been approved by the Council, will continue to support planning infrastructures (action under art.2b) and will support targeted actions (under art. 2e) intended to
Randzio-Plath mendations by this House seriously and incorporated them in your own proposals, we might have different economic and employment policy results from those we have seen in the past following from your recommendations.
In view of their professional qualifications and the guarantees they can offer (comprehensive security), DOs could even improve the system.
As a result of this recommendation and of other current discussions, such as those in the CouncU of Europe, some countries have either ended tax deductibility of bribes paid abroad or are planning to do so.
0 Ecolo's federal secretary (1980-1984 and 1986-1988). 0 Senator (1988-1989).
It is not responding to the challenges of the present world situation, nor is it taking advantage of the extraordinary possibilities available to the EU following the situation created when the Soviet Union broke up and Central and Eastern European companies gained access and freedom which the European Union should welcome with generous solidarity.
But we eventually realized that the Rio Conference was good, compared with other summits.
One last word: there is so much else one could say and time does not allow me to do so, but let me congratulate the Commission on the ongoing executive training programme for young European executives going to Japan -some 600 or so.
I would stress that these remarks are not addressed in particular to Mr Rosado Fernandes, who now has the floor for three minutes.
The Commission takes the view toat a more efficient European defence with a larger number of common projects and a less fragmented market will be far less dependent on arms exports.
We Rave appointed a rapporteur, Mr Glante. We will do all we can to ensure that a reasoned opinion can soon be reached on this subject.
I say this because - and I stress this - there is no legal obligation on the part of the Commission to consult us on this issue.
The labelling of irradiated ingredients is compulsory, independent of theh quantity included in compound ingredients or foodstuffs.
Whether demands for duty payments arise from CTS or TIR sendings, the impact often falls on the same insureds.
Camisón Asensio (PPE). - (ES) I thank the Commissioner for the information he has this afternoon given to this House.
The Committee held one hearing explicitly to examine these possibilities.15
The conclusion of this study was that the rate of selectivity is 85.8 %; in other words, it is one of the most selective methods of fishing. FinaUy, what would be the consequences if French tuna fishermen were to abandon this technique?
However the European Union should clearly propose and clearly tell Turkey that it can enter the European Union and also tell it the conditions under which it can enter or join the European Union or, on the contrary, all of this is bla­bla­bla which is just an alibi for Turkey, enabling it not to respect human rights and enabling the European Union to continue to believe that it can conduct a half­hearted policy which is not a policy at all as we know very well and which will lead to disaster, disasters such as the ones in former Yugoslavia or Algeria.
cabin staff rather than increasing them.
For example, its resolution in May 1996 on the Commission's Economic Report for 1996 declared that "the expansion of Community financial instruments such as the EIB and EIF, as well as the creation of Community bonds, for the financing of Community investment projects, is vitalfor a successful transition to EMU".
From the start, Europe has faced a choice between being a mere free trade area, with or without a single currency, and a genuine union of independent States, determined to make their voice heard in world affairs instead of muttering almost inaudibly as they did in Denver.
In conclusion: thank you Mrs Colom I Naval for this report!
The EU eco-labeUing scheme for paints and varnishes covers only water-based paints and varnishes, thereby excluding a number of linseed oU-based products which are at least as envtionment-friendly as water-based products.
Of course, deviant practices were predictable and it took no time for bandits of all kinds to arm themselves with this very effective tool.
We have been very active with respect to equal opportunities.
However, at the most recent formal meeting of the Council of Culture Ministers, on 16 December 1996, France and Italy put forward Lille and Genoa respectively as candidates for 2001, and Austria proposed Graz for 2003.
This is therefore now our eleventh or twelfth resolution, but I fear that it will be given the same treatment as aU the others by these Chinese despots and put straight in the rubbish bin.
Debates of the European Parliament
Graduate In law.
The agreement states that at least 10 000 tonnes of tuna must be landed to supply local fish processing industries, which otherwise would have no work to do as, apparently, the nonindustrial fishing boats do not fish for tuna.
In the Commission's view this political recognition is sufficient because, with it, the Treaty makes it possible in the future to take account of the situation on the islands.
I shall have to stick to the Rules and you know that you cannot open a new debate. But if it really is a point of order, you have the floor.
Mr Titley is out of step with his own Foreign Minister who said that he wanted to clean up the UK's international arms export reputation.
However, I believe that all these points contradict paragraph 1.
Marset Campos (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Mr President, our group values Mr Rovsing's report highly and considers it to be very good overall.
This ultimately results in each institution passing the buck to the other institutions, or to the Member States, in a show of total incompetence.
The principal task of the Centre's Freelance Section in 1999 will be to organize a series of calls for tender (see list at Annex II).
Secondly if there were different types of ballot papers I should ask you if you would provide the administration with data and the necessary proof since this is a very serious accusation which has to be backed up with very concrete proof.
I would take a different attitude.
The whole issue is important.
In addition to this, the Danish Freight Forwarders' Association considers it reasonable that ways should be considered and investigated of introducing rules to make it impossible to change the destination once a consignment has departed unless there is a new transit procedure with a new destination.
The state of implementation of the programmes to which the honourable Member refers, which are cofinanced by the European Regional Development Fund under the second Community support framework and by the Cohesion Fund (Spata airport), is as follows:
In my opinion the European Commission and Council have acted with negligence and lack of public responsibility by not foreseeing the foreseeable and finding a remedy.
D Yes
For another, it offers a brisk reminder as regards the proper application of the code of conduct of 12 December 1996.
In the face of the difficulties in handling the transit system, all customs services have to varying degrees displayed an inability either to respect the terms of the basic legislation (particularly the deadlines for the various procedures) or effectively to investigate frauds and potential frauds.
Qualified compositor.
All vessels using EU waters must be subject to appropriate minimum requirements.
One positive aspect from Finland's point of view, as has been stated, is that many new things have been happening and there has been enthusiastic cooperation.
(GUE / NGL) Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left
We are dealing here with the advance of an ideology that tramples the citizen underfoot.
Yet these were elementary require ments that would have enabled the BSE crisis to be averted.
President - The next item is the debate on the recommendation for second reading (A4-0235/97) by Mrs Dybkjaer, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Decision on the review of the European Community programme of policy and action in relation to the environment and sustainable development 'Towards Sustainability' (C4-0170/97-96/0027(COD)).
I shall not go again into the views of the Council and the Commission, which are known, but shall merely stress once again the impact, the decisive importance and the courage of this Parliament in defend ing the people of Timor.
Fifthly, setting up as a principle the maintenance and extension of various types of existing fisheries agree ments, without any attempt to privilege any one of them, therefore attending to the various financial and economic characteristics and capacities of European Union fleets.
• representation of the Office;
Raouf Denktash has made impossible demands, yet there can be no peace in Cyprus without an agreement with the Turkish Cypriot side as well, and for this one must seek new ways.
For instance, no unfair domestic trade advantage to the European Union can be shown and, because the driving force behind the legislation is animal welfare, it can be perfectly well defended as protecting public morals. als.
Gradin, Member of the Commission. - (SV) Mr President, let me begin by congratulating Mrs Mann on her report on the rules of competition under Article 64 in the European Agreement with Bulgaria.
It is not!
Only the introduction of a parental wage, enabling women - or those men who wish to do so - to devote themselves fully to the education of their children can improve the birth rate.
Although respect for the quotas set in the directive has not been made legally binding, two gains have been made: the establishment of the contact committee to monitor the implementation of standards, and a change in the public attitude to the problem.
Countries such as Hungary and Poland which everybody says will be included in the first round of new Member States.
As we live longer we are subjected to a different type of disease: cancer, heart disease, Parkinson's, Alzheimer's.
Furthermore, to remedy the shortcomings which had become apparent the transit scheme in respect of sensitive products (including, inter alia, tobacco) has been tightened up, in the sense that there is now a ban on the use of an comprehensive guarantee (an earlier scheme which allowed operators to carry out transit operations under a guarantee based solely on the volume of operations in the previous financial year) and a guarantee covering the total amount of the taxes and duties suspended is now required for each operation.
How­ever, these restrictions also entail a risk of horse-trading which could lead to acquired rights and selfish national concerns taking centre stage.
The EC COMMUNITY TRANSIT Procedure
Question No 109 by Doeke Eisma (H-0062/97)
Their destitution is terrible, in Azerbaijan, in Georgia and even in Armenia.
2% of transit operations initiating in Portugal remain incomplete.22
These calls for tender would be published in the Official Journal of the European Communities as and when the Centre's Advisory Committee on Procurements and Contracts (ACPC) completed the preparatory work.
I was not born then.
I have an urgent appeal to the Commission: please present us with a plan for a genuine export strategy.
This is a two-class system, and as far as I am concerned it is also the model of a European heartland which I really do not want!
The estimates of the amount of claims vary, but it clearly concerns billions of Ecus.
The free movement of persons, the physical disappearance of frontiers, the free circulation of services means that it is common sense for health to come within Community scope and, in that sense, many of us think that the Treaty on European Union should more explicitly turn health into a Community competence.
What must happen now?
All the problems detailed above create an opening for the fraudster.
It is therefore a fund basically intended to realise the principle of economic and social cohesion and, as such, is aimed only at the four Member States with a per capita gross domestic product of less than 90 % of the Commu-
The sometimes scandalous behaviour of the authorities must not incite us to showing more complaisance towards the Islamic terrorists.
Maintenance of high levels of humanitarian aid, despite all of that, could threaten development in the coming years, something which should be of particular concern to us.
I also share the rapporteur's wonies about the continuing increase in demand for air transport which will put extra pressure on safety.
I share the belief that an institution such as the proposed foundation can achieve something positive.
This aid must not be used later on by the North Korean government for propaganda purposes as has been the case in the past.
Similarly, other security measures which are commercially available, such as microscopic DNA marking, deserve official consideration.
Thirdly, I wish to stress that the question of export controls remains extremely important, but that controls alone are not enough.
Former member of the boards of directors of the Banca cattolica del Veneto and of Alitalia.
In cloning mammals we are taking the first step into Huxley's Brave New World.
Monti, Member of the Commission. - (IT) Mr President, the Commission is well aware of the problems encountered by ski instructors with British diplomas in having their qualifications recognized in France.
On the Langen report, I think most of what was decided is good and goes in the right direction.
IN THE CHAIR: MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice-President
That is very right and proper.
Debates of the European Parliament
In view of the fraught situation in the labour market and competition from cheap but poorly trained workforces, Europe's best chance lies in a high level of education and training.
According to the Green Paper, these are admission thresholds.
Sao Tomé and Principe is one of the poorest countries in the world and it is heavily dependent on the income which it receives from the fisheries agree ment with the European Union to make ends meet.
I just wanted to add that point.
Cresson
We can only support this report on condition that the amendment proposals produced by the socialist group (Nos. 27-35) and amendment proposal no. 1 are passed.
Most of them have worked at some time, usually in temporary or insecure jobs.
I welcome these measures.
No one who was genuinely pro-European could wish to have that kind of Europe!
To introduce immediately a labelling system for the transit documents by means of bar-coding.
Then I can imagine that voluntary agreements at European level might make sense. National ones, of course, are very welcome!
Medal of the Order of Constitutional Merit.
What we have is a number of small cautious steps improving and deepening integration.
In the United Kingdom, even when a vacancy occurs mid-term in the European Parliament, we do not take the next Member on a party list; we have a by-election.
Fhst, fishing vessels are built to fish, so fishing vessel owners are not going to be happy with their vessels sitting idle and losing money.
It is very doubtful if this line wiU even survive if tax free shopping is abolished.
Degree in public law and political science.
Notwithstanding the general agreement that the crisis existed, it was extremely difficult to establish how much transit fraud was taking place, or even what amounts by freight forwarders and other principals to the various national customs services.
Debates of the European Parliament
Diploma in Management Studies (University of Hertfordshire).
That enlargement is of tremendous significance, not just in a symbolic sense but in a very real sense as well.
Law and Order Restoration Council, more commonly known as SLORC, to mark this occasion by freeing those people detained and to commence a true dialogue with groups in favour of democracy.
Tomlinson (PSE), Chairman of the Committee of Inquiry. - Madam President, I just wish to address a word of thanks to both the Dutch presidency and the Commission and add a sentence with a question to each of them to take away with them.
It is of course too absurd to see professional butter smugglers on German television, standing proudly in their gardens telling ZDF how they do it, when we can do nothing at all to stop them.
I hope that this will not be the last report that he is going to do for the committee.
Debates of the European Parliament
I reject this method of paying for BSE, a crisis which cereal farmers had nothing to do with and for which they should not be asked to pay.
Should the offencebe repeated,the President shall again call the Member toorder, and the fact shall be recorded in the minutes of proceedings.
Fabre-Aubrespy (I-EDN). - (FR) Mr President, I should like to refer to the Rules in relation to what you have just said and the proposal to amend the agenda.
I have observed a very satisfactory stability of exchange rates, the absence of upheaval on the exchange market, which is really quite something, at present.
The labels should be sequentially numbered, with a total of 13 characters in order to render the idenfication system both operational and impossible to falsify: for example:
He may also ask for the permission of the Committee to appear before it.
Patijn, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) I should Uke to take both Mr Papayannakis' and Mrs Daskalaki's questions together.
That is why uprooting, whether national or social, is therefore an essential cause of violence, but also of terrorism.
It will give clear rules on direct jurisdiction and enforcement procedures for foreign decisions on matrimonial matters, i.e. on divorces, separations and annulments of marriage.
The latter will continue to apply for repayments and domestic market prices, whatever the method of calculation chosen to calculate customs tariffs.
That is why my group will be unable to vote for this report, without certain amendments, although ï do share some of the rapporteur's concerns.
Let us help it to become a reality.
Do Danish insurance companies show any disapproval of insuring carriers' guarantee obligations under the transit procedure?
General for Fisheries, a task force has already been set up charged with preparing the revision of the common fisheries policy, as provided for in the base regulation, .through a report to be presented to the Commission by the end of 2002.
I can only hope that the representatives of the Member States who are meeting in the Intergovernmental Conference, who have to deal with many and complex questions, will listen to this very loud and eloquent alarmbell which has been rung by the European Parliament.
I am not so happy about the measures proposed by the amendments, which incidentally are the same for every report.
The future role for EU security policy ought to be to work for peaceful solutions to conflicts, to develop institutions which will detect conflicts early and resolve them using political and economic methods, to take upon itself peace keeping operations and humanitarian initiatives and to manage crisis.
I do not think that would work, given that some even quite small shops sell a very large number of things.
This 'confirmation'option, known as the 'third reading', was abolished by the Amsterdam Treaty.
I therefore very much hope that the Tindemans report not only gains support in the European Parliament, but also helps to foster the debate in Austria itself on our country's security policy position as a future full member of the WEU and a member of a newly reformed NATO, so that it can play its proper role in Europe's security order.
Claims are usually addressed to the parties with principal liability which are involved in fraud.
There is one absolutely elementary question, mentioned by Sir Jack Stewart-Clark, who is well versed in drugrelated problems since he has in the past prepared several reports for this House.
Important social movements, notably in Germany and in France, showed their desire to. prevent the dismantling of the public postal system.
And we need work.
I shall be doing everything in my power to promote the objectives to which we have all contributed over these sixteen years.
So when he says smaller delegations inside the big groups are being denied their rights, he is quite wrong.
The first is to go ahead without the Americans.
These are quasi- jurisdictional bodies, independent of any instructions by the Office, and their members are appointed by the Council of the European Union.
I therefore welcome this agreement with Chile and congratulate the rapporteur.
Their members shall be elected during the first part-session following the re-election of Parliament and again two and a halfyears years thereafter.
With this in mind I support Amendment 10 to Article 3, but Amendment 19 to Article 7(1) is clearly a case of over-regulation.
But by setting an example of whole some, animal-friendly stock-rearing, farmers who take this path are showing others what can be done.
I should like to add a further reason to the one he gave: as vice-chairman of the institutional committee, I should like
The latter, if we are dealing with investments, is the prime concern of the Council.
Economic and trade dialogue is limited and circumscribed to bilateral only.
There is no requhement to inspect traps regularly, when opposition to their use centres around the cruelty of leaving animals trapped and in pain for long periods.
Subject: Support for renewable energy sources and the use thereof in rail transport
Votes
This, in turn, will lead to increased social tension.
In addition, computer messages between the applicant, his guarantors, the office of departure and the office of destination etc. would replace the current paper procedures.
So the only conclusion to be drawn is: out with this dinosaur technology! ogy!
Leonardo da Vinci National Coordination Units in the EU Member States
I am glad Mr Tindemans, who was an enlightened Foreign Minister in my country, Belgium, insists on a strengthen ing of the operational structures of the WEU, on better cooperation between the European Union and the WEU, and on the creation of a European military and civilian peacekeeping force.
My thanks extend to the members of the administrative council, who gave the Office and me the necessary support to accomplish our tasks.
In the same way it reaUy makes no sense at all - and I would ask you to remember this in future - always to combine the subject of human rights with the question of the external integrity of the Peoples' -Republic of China, in which things are demanded for Tibet which even the Dalai Lama does not ask for!
This sector of the economy has been experiencing serious difficulties as a result of globalisation and deregulation.
Further reply from the UK Permanent Representation to the Committee's questions of 5 February 1996 (English only)
The Middle Eastern peace process is in trouble, and that in turn affects the Barcelona process.
I think it is wrong to give strong support to this type of cultivation within the framework of agricultural policy. After all, the roots of the agricultural policy lie in supplying food to the European Union; the tobacco sector definitely does not fall within this objective.
No additional aid shall be granted if maximum use is made of the fiscal facility.
Lannoye it and ask my colleagues to vote against it, because Parliament's position is limited to asking for what has already been achieved, i.e the studies.
On this not only depends the future of hundreds of millions of people in the ACP countries but also the possibility of the European Union becoming an effective and efficient player on the international scene, capable of furthering the cause of equality, justice and prosperity in all parts of the world.
Van Miert. ­ Very briefly, first of all, sometimes the companies where on­the­spot visits take place make them public, and by making them public indicate that something is going on.
President. - Mrs Angelini, I must point out a couple of things to you.
Contents
The prize is named after Andrei Sakharov, the Soviet dissident, nuclear physicist and Nobel Peace Prize winner who gave his blessing to an EP prize bearing his name in clandestine contacts with Parliament in the 1980s.
Those sorts of issues are important to all of us here, but perhaps they are not very important to our citizens.
Let us be honest, if the Swedish Government, or any other government, seeks an expert opinion, it is absolutely free to do so and can keep it to itself.
can expect will relate to the political aspect, absent until now from the first four conventions.
To fully appreciate why this measure is so important, one must go back at least ten years, most notably to the loss of the Herald of Free Enterprise in 1987 just over ten years ago.
Priorities f or Compact Projects in 1999/2000
The political groups organize their work during the week before Parliament meets in plenary session, in order to achieve a consensus amongst the viewpoints of the national delegations within each group so as to present a united front in the debates.
Mrs Bjerregaard, you should see to it that it is made available.
To stand still is to backsUde.
The French authorities can, furthermore, require migrant teachers to undergo a probationary period on the same conditions as French citizens.
Former Minister of State, Department for the Environment.
Nationalist tendencies are evident in all sections of the population and there are no measures to oppose the traditional hostilities;
The lack of complementarity and coordination between the Union and Member States should not surprise any of us here when we look at toe lack of complementarity and coordination and, I have to say, consistency within the European Union itself.
This is why such varied proposals have been put forward during the debate.
0 Agricultural and food sciences
Result: Seals affixed: Number:
Finally, a few words about the presidency as a whole.
Samland such that a transactional solution will be found.
Those who have suffered injury by being in the wrong place at the wrong time bear permanent scars and are witness to be evil consequences of those who seek to achieve their aims by terrorist rather than democratic means.
O Carry-overs
(The sitting was opened at 5 p.m.)
Fantuzzi (PSE). - (LT) Mr President, our group supports the main thrust of Mr Rosado Fernandes's report, but above all agrees with the Commission's document.
The new plantations for the first of these years are already laid down in Regulation 15/92, so that any further increase would be unjustified.
Europe is not a country, it is a continent and therefore no structures of any known country in the world can be imposed upon it.
We recently had an opportunity to say something more specific about some of their experiences, in a separate report on the implementaton of regional policy in those three Member States, and I am taking the opportunity today to draw certain comparisons.
The debate is closed.
We understand that such a provision is desirable in relation to delegations of powers to an outside agency and that case is covered by Amendment No 20 to Article 55(a) which the Commission accepts.
Concerning toe European Union and its Member States, the Florence European CouncU on 21 and 22 June 1996 reaffirmed toe Union's determination to combat racism and xenophobia with the utmost resolve.
The President shall be notified in a statement when a political group is set up.This statement shall specitythe name of the group, its members and its bureau.
President - Question No 45 by Mr Hugh McMahon (H-0287/97)
We are also aware of the fact that there are a number of important differences of detail which have to be resolved through the vote.
Debates in Parliament shall be public unless Parliamentdecides otherwise by amajority of two thirds of the votes cast.
It is therefore important to emphasize and give prominence to the fact that those who are in favour of Monetary Union are also for job creation and must look to that.
But some ideas are very clear: first, enhanced cooperation must be compatible with the objectives of the Union and with the acquis communautaire; secondly, and exactly as you just said, it must clearly respect the single institutional framework; it must preserve the internal market; it must preserve its flanking policies, the common policies; it must be constantly open to all the non-participants whose rights must be fully guaranteed; it must be - and if I did not mention this before, I want to do so now - a last resort. I mean, we must place obstacles in the way of flexibility, but we cannot prevent it happening.
This means being open and accommodating.
Of course, with very many protective measures, but that will not stop their status from being privileged, while there are social groups of working people and others who do not have that privileged stams that 'entree', that opportunity for discus­sion both with various bodies and with MEPs themselves.
Similarly when you say that neither the observation of convergence criteria nor the date of implementation of the third phase can undermine the indispensable efforts made by the Union to create jobs, I am sorry but that sentence is ambiguous. If it could be read as you said it in your speech I would vote for it, but that is not what you wrote.
The European Parliament has information centres in all the capital cities, as does the Commission.
Your response to this situation is to strengthen intergovernmental mechanisms wherever possible, and even to propose that the whole affair should be managed by a middle-ranking official.
Mr Blokland made this point too.
One of the Commission's arguments for not incorporating Parliament's amendment concerning equal rights of partners irrespective of sex and sexual orientation in its proposal to amend the Communities' staff regulations and conditions of employment - despite the express objective of the proposal being to combat discrimination between staff - has been the financial burden on the Communities that would result from implementing Parliament's amendment.
I find it literally amazing that the diplomats of our sophisticated, experienced and powerful nations, whose fathers and grandfathers ran the world, seem to have such trouble having any measurable ' impact on the rest of humanity.
She has done an admirable job.
The warehouses should be obliged to use the services of a tax representative and may be permitted in return to benefit from the tax transparency arrangements (ROC scheme).
It was agreed that the Donors' Democratic Development Group
The Office will be run by a President of which the procedure of appointment is ongoing.
As far as the review is concerned, I think that the Commission has produced a good report. But it forgot one thing: to include itself.
13.07.1930 University professor, economist, administrative officer (rtd) Germany CDU MEP: 17.07.1979 PPE
Graduate of the Paris Institute of Political Studies.
With just afeio months left to go before it is decided which EU Member States are to participate in monetary union, progress toioards complying with the monetary convergence criteria is highly encouraging.
It should be mentioned here that it is an inherent feature of the present system that these delays can occur, since 18 million T-documents in quadruplicate (some 75 million forms) have to pass through the hands of customs officials.
The setting-up of a committee of wise men to look into outstanding territorial differences between Ankara and Athens will, we hope, be able to make a constructive contribution to relations between Greece and Turkey and thus also to relations between Turkey and the Union, as well as towards finding a solution to the Cyprus problem.
The European Parliament wiU continue to be lacking in such legitimacy for the foreseeable future.
So, as is the case in many Member States, I can finance higher wages and higher fringe benefits and therefore also social systems if my productivity allows it.
Hermange (UPE). - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the aim of the recommendation that is today submitted for second reading is to ensure the legal and financial security of an existing practice which consists of cofinancing the activities of certain nongovernmental organizations particularly active in environmental protection at a European level, by adopting a four-year Community action programme.
When I look at what is said about education I note that attention is paid only to people who themselves want to adapt to the ICTs rather than to something other than that: the application of new technologies to help solve actual problems of society such as unemployment, poverty, environmental pollution and the divisions in our society.
It contains major reserves of natural resources, especiaUy oU, which are probably far greater than
0 Numerous books and articles on European affairs.
Answer
Answer
Comitology is about the way in which technical decisions are made about political
André-Léonard (ELDR). - (FR) Madam President, Mozambique, the Azores and Iran have each suffered from a natural disaster, and I should like to express my own sympathy and that of my group with the families of the victims and those who have suffered.
So although it does not have first stage initiative, it has a kind of second stage initiative, but I appreciate that this is a controversial issue.
Mrs Thatcher would be proud of the way we have carried on and she would be particularly proud of Terry Wynn this evening if she recognized the way he is defending what she fought so long for in relation to the European Union budget.
That system eventually incuned costs for the European budget.
There is hardly any attention for the owner of the goods.
Financial sanctions seem to be applied in a moderate way.
President - The Minutes of yesterday's sitting have been distributed.
More than a milUon people are displaced in their own country, not just because they are caught between the fronts of the gueriUas and the army, but because they have been sacrificed to the ever-worsening social conflict.
Graduate in economics of the University of Oporto.
The Committee believes that a Council Directive based on Article 100a establishing such an offence, punishable in each and every state independently of the place where the crime was physically perpetrated, is an essential step in the fight against fraud.
After all, this is in line with what was proposed in the plans for Dublin II in respect of national parliaments.
Article J4, paragraph 2, provides that decisions and actions by the Union that would have defence implications can be implemented by the Western European Union if the Council decides to call upon that organization.
Out of solidarity with farmers, the Commission made an initial proposal and contemplated 3 proposals.
Graduate in law (studied at the universities of Innsbruck, Padua and Bologna).
Of course, we realize that the presidency is also keen to keep its balance and not to slip.
Travel costs cover transport costs at national level, and international flights at economy fare to and from the partner country.
To begin with, the political and economic reforms in Albania which foUowed the upheavals of 1990-1992 proceeded smoothly, but in the run-up to the parUamentary elections of May/June 1996 the pace of the reform programme slowed.
Answer
I cannot find this in the verbatim report, Mr President, and I hope that a correction can be made.
We are naturally in agreement on closing Chernobyl, and we agree on increasing safety generally.
The Government has taken a few steps along that road and must continue, with encouragement from the Union.
Flexibility is the key to eliminating the apparent opposition between consolidation and enlargement.
And in the same perspective, I would also like to say to our friends overseas, that we follow with sympathy the efforts of Quebec and Canada to find an institutional formula that will clarify their relationship.
In the light of this situation, the tabling of a motion of censure against the Commission should be envisaged.
Now we have the task of making hard facts out of sound principles on paper and of transforming them into concrete measures.
In fact the Union is fully aware of the implications of the forthcoming presidential and parliamentary elections in Yugoslavia, and the challenges associated with the situation in Kosovo.
This is clearly a better agreement than agreements we have had in the past.
Economic Impact of Occupational Safety and Health in the Member States of the European Union
Answer
It worries us in particular that these procedures for safeguarding and developing biotechnological discoveries are being carried out in the name of competition and to ensure the free operation of the internal market.
Turning first to the European Union Member States concerned, the 1997 budget does not cany any appropriations for emergency aid for disaster victims in the Com munity as the item B 43400 was given only a token entry for the second year running.
The economic and commercial interests involved are enormous and serve to stimulate financial appetites.
But, for the time being, our priority must clearly be to implement on the ground whatever legislation has already been agreed together with Parliament and with the Council of Ministers.
The refund to Greek cotton-growers has been calculated to be Drs 60 per kilo of unginned cotton (a total of some Drs 80 bilüon).However, for the money to be refunded to cotton-growers, all the details relating to production and aid for the 1996 harvest have to be finalized.
It is indeed possible.
In addition, the Commission's White Paper on a rail strategy which seeks to promote access to rail freight markets is expect to improve the attractiveness of this mode and to complement our pricing policy.
Sport and the EU must not be aUowed to drift any further apart, and good agreements wUl always make both sides the winners.
This is also applicable to industrialized nations.
Requests to move a procedural motion, namely:a)the inadmissibilityof a matter(Rule12g);b) referral back to committee (Rule 129);c)the closure of a debate(Rule130);d)the adjournmenotf a debate(Rule131); e) the suspension or closure of the sitting (Rule 132);shall take precedence over other requests to speak.
However, it is in great demand as an honest broker to bring about economic progress and peaceful cooperation.
The Helios­II programme has supported the work of non­governmental disabled persons' organizations.
Something has to be done about this.
The European Parliament (1958-1997) Presidents
This is a comprehensive and powerful report and the Socialist Group is happy to support it, as I hope Parliament will.
Whereas the original proposal by the Commission foresaw only the submission of convergence programmes by those Member States participating in stage three of EMU, there is now a separate section on the submission of convergence programmes by Member States not participating in it.
When it comes to the environment, we may well ask ourselves: do things have to go on like this, not least with Rio?
Vice-President of the Radical Party; Chairman of the European Affairs Committee.
Debates of the European Parliament
That is not important, as long as there is a permanent structure where statistics can be pooled and studies from all Member States can be compared, and that is something e welcome.
The Commission shares the view that we need continuity and coordination in our approach to human rights, democratic principles and law and order.
National public au th or ities: es:
That is why I believe you have decided on the proper course of action, and we can continue with political intervention if we pursue it vigorously with the support of the entire European continent.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
This is a different matter; we are creating a supranational entity and, in that aspect, I think we are running into inadequacies in the European judicial area.
Barón Crespo (PSE). - (ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I should like to congratulate Mr Graziani on his report and say that I am glad he is better and can be with us.
Parliament has emphasised the need for better coordination of national policies, particularly with regard to the creation of newjobs.
President - Mr Haarder, now is not the time to explain the reasons behind the decisions taken by the Conference of Presidents, in which each group votes and explains its vote if it thinks it appropriate to do so.
And the more complex it becomes the more likely it is that there can be a smokescreen to avoid the key issue of enforcement.
The answer that you gave to me was, 'I can do nothing about it if an employee who makes an administrative mistake does not come to me voluntarily and reveal the mistake to me himself.
I shall conclude now by taking the liberty of switching to Spanish, in order to address Vice-President Marin in his own language:
Is this an example of an open procedure with transparency and equal opportunities for European firms?
If the retailing sector does not respond adequately, however, dual display should become compulsory; I the period during which national and euro banknotes and coins are in simultaneous circulation should be reduced to a minimum; H the technical modifications to information technology systems in order to introduce the euro should be anticipated, and coordinated with changes due at the millennium;
To pay out 1 billion ECUs per annum for a crop which, in total, gives employment to only 135 000 tobacco growers is a high price if you calculate the amount per capita. We are talking about approximately 75 0-100000 Swedish Crowns per person in direct income support.
On the training of government officials, I can teU you the following: in 1992, Phare financed a public administration reform programme in Poland which played an important part in the development of the new law on government services and the central government reforms introduced in 1996.
That means better tailored information.
I call Mr Macartney but if it is on salmon I wam you I shall cut you off right away.
Debates of the European Parliament
Local criminal organisations are able to provide this service in most countries, though the degree of organisation and the capacity for absorbtion obviously varies.
I would first like to state that the Council regrets the loss of life in the case of the Albanian tugboat referred to by Mr Alavanos.
European Union House 43, Molesworth Street, Dublin 2 Tel: (01) 605 79 00 Fax: (01) 605 79 99 E-mail: EPDublin@europarl.eu.int
That was a vivid iUustration of the degree of support behind the Tibetan cause, which was prominently featured in the world news.
The negotiations, once initiated, should not drag on eternally pending a possible agreement, which would be tantamount to yielding to Turkish blackmail.
Macartney (ARE). - Mr President, yesterday a very important decision was taken.
Pg: 5 P.5/11 cigarettes and spirits, are particularly at risk because of the incentive to evade that taxation.
My amendment seeks to address the problems of compe­tition distortion and secrecy, while supporting the princi­ple of innovation.
* Club members must ato use "approved hauliers" who must fulfil the contract requirements of the "Club" to qualify for "approval"
To protect the principal acting in good faith this period should be foreshortened; for example, to a period of six months.
Journey and route registration"
There exists no other sure method of verifying whether goods in transport, under the transit system or otherwise, are actually what they are declared to be.
I am anxious to point out that I never signed those amendments.
We finally accepted this budget of 30 million divided over four years, but without an annual breakdown.
Mayor.
Those who stand up for justice face intimidation and opposition.
At the same time, this policy provides the answer to most of the questions which have been raised.
It is not my intention to deliver an indictment against the Commission, which is often unjustly - and, let's face it, very conveniently - made the scapegoat for distortions within the Community for which others must also bear some of the responsibility.
This report, with its critical evaluation of the issues and its suggestions for improvement, will be a positive contribution to the creation of a European learning society.
It is also important and beneficial that we establish those projects which are in the public interest and that a number of these are prioritised, such as distance learning, small and medium sized companies, the environment and health and satellite communication.
As for Objective 3, the fight against social exclusion, we believe that the use of networks and multimedia in the field of education and training reinforces the effort to ensure equal access.
In order for the tobacco retailing industry to be able to survive, immediate measures must be taken in order to fight the tobacco fraud taking place in the transit regimes.
So I also applaud the restatement of the cultural function of commerce, at point 45, which I believe should be even more closely linked to the role of local commerce in economic and social cohesion, because nothing has done more damage to cultural characteristics as the out-of -town shopping centres, all trying to be the biggest in the town, the region, the country, the peninsula, Europe, the world.
The consensus reached on this report in the Agriculture Committee enabled us to whittle down the 314 initial amendments to just 100 in number.
I am grateful for the strong and long-established support of the House on this matter.
Question No 24 by Ioannis Theonas (H-0367/97) Subject: Failure of the Council to take specific measures in favour of SMUs
What action does the Commission intend to take to rectify the present unfair situation?
We now have two reports which lay down rules for lobbyists.
Parliament needs to upgrade its methods of working by discouraging such action.
On the other hand, any proposals bearing in mind a controversial and complex shareout of costs between shipowners and the Commission or a freeze on Community financial contributions would lead to a strengthening of the aforementioned trend towards 're-nationalizing' fisheries policies.
We will of course continue the supervision of Sellafield, and that is
Flexibility is not an alternative to qualified majority.
However, as far as guarantee ing quality and cost levels is concerned, we believe, like the Council and the Commission, that this is a matter for the Member States.
Glase over 20 months ago, which must be enforced, has not had the necessary effect, and would have ruled out the need for this report, a voluntary proposal is bound to have even less effect.
I am referring of course to the funding of the programme and to comitology.
The Commission does not have any objection to Amend ments Nos 8, 9 and 10.
- as a general rule, compromise amendments shall entail the withdrawalof otheramendments to the same passage.
President. - The next item is the oral question by Mr Scapagnini (B40519/97 - O-0087/97), on behalf of the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy, to the Commission, on the closure of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor by 2000 and the completion of the Khmelnitsky 2 and Rovno 4 nuclear reactors in Ukraine.
At 10.30 a.m. the delegation arrived at the Nickelsdorf customs post on the Austro-Hungarian border.
Van Miert. - The answer is yes, but as I said we favour an inclusion of a reference in Article 3.
Finally, I wish to place on record my gratitude to the Commissioner for transport, Mr Kinnock, for the prompt and sympathetic way in which he has responded to me on this matter.
That is why it is important for all the parliamentary committees to be involved in activating this right, and not just the Committee on Petitions.
They are insufficient to ensure that the animals do not suffer during transport.
This would open a crisis which could actually take toe focus off efforts to bring about a single currency which are mobilising both toe institution and toe states and, by extension, the full démocratisation of the Euro pean Union.
In heland this drop is somewhere around 19 % with livestock farmers suffering even greater reductions in income.
The Amsterdam summit was certainly a great success for the euro, and we hope that the last obstacles have now been removed.
Rapid answers are therefore needed.
Debates of the European Parliament
What concrete form will be taken by Commission aid for setting up industrial estates in the north of Morocco, capable of containing the major problem of emigration?
You would like to know the Netherlands' point of view as a Member State of the European Union.
We cannot correct that now, Mrs Schleicher.
Annex: Question Time
I note Parliament's suggestion to put ECU 310m in a reserve for market uncertainty.
The Council has told us today toat it has made a budget of ECU 15 million avaUable for the promotion of a programme of linguistic diversity ^within the Union.
June 1999: next elections to the European Parliament.
Expert opinion suggests that it will be both possible and inevitable, on an interim basis, to manage transit without all European Union countries being "on line".12This
Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
First of all, to emphasize that for the first time this agreement covers a four-year period, which gives boat owners some stability, as well as fishermen and businessmen linked to the sector, since it allows them all to plan in the medium term.
So where is the European 'spirit?
The legal effect of the laws in force prior to the two abovementioned acts should accordingly be restored.
Under that system, actual payment of customs duties at the border is waived against liability of the party issuing the Tl, "the principal".
Because this is a very complex subject, you will appreciate that it has not yet been possible to complete this analysis.
On 20 November 1996, it has adopted its Communication on Copyright and Related Rights in the Information Society (COM(96)568 final), which sets out the results of an extensive consultation of interested parties on the subject matter and announces the Commission's Internal Market Programme in the area of copyright for the coming years.
Why should taxation not be subject to the same supervision?
Parliament also holds plenary sessions in Brussels.
In consumer terms, crossborder complaints are plainly now the main item on the increase.
By justification I mean that such examinations should be undertaken only when they are strictly necessary - only when it is absolutely certain that there is nó other, safer way of arriving at the diagnosis.
We have engaged in correspondence on this and to that end, because of a lack of satisfactory conclusion, we have put down an amendment on behalf of both the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Group of the European People's Party to resolve this problem this year.
Debates of the European Parliament
The preventive activity par excellence of customs services is constituted by physical checks of merchandise carried out at borders and in airports.
In the European Member States social insurance systems deal with the financial consequences of
The efforts to make economies more healthy have been considerable.
At the moment there are eight Member States which use nuclear power stations for the production of electricity - Germany, Belgium, Spain, Finland, France, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Sweden - with a net total capacity of approximately 126 Gwe.
And even toe European Union was apparently unable to call these two countries together and make sure toat did not happen.
I am aware of the considerable effort put in by yourself and your colleagues into properly running DG XXIII, but we should like you to put in more effort and enthusiasm in order to convince the rest of the Commission and the Council of the importance of tourism and make the latter give up its reservations and give the PHILOXENIA programme and all of its content the green light.
Once a programme is extended, commitments will be possible until the end of December 1999, and final payments until the end of December 2001 at the latest
But many other questions merit a response and the Presidency is in the process of getting down to this task.
28 February 1996-4 March 1996: Turin/Italy — ETF
In part, this reflects the fact that by definition biotechnology includes the application of technology to living organisms, including man.
Many anthropologists and sociologists, such as Arnold Gehlen, have shown that man needs to be surrounded by strong traditions and institutions. Otherwise, his violent nature resurfaces extremely quickly.
The real issue, though, is that we cannot do our job.
The proposal of the Commission which finally got through consisted of an invitation - not an obligation because it was not possible - to use part of the structural fund for social benefits to the fishermen.
C' l kas asked f or environmental impact studies to be carried out before new developments are started and also for ih e creation of inviolable conservation zs. C 183,15.7.1991)
The first is the trade in goods, based on most-favoured nation treatment as far as customs formalities are concerned, textile products being the subject of a separate agreement.
Certainly, in my own country, the government is extending exemptions from VAT to services which were once in the public sector and are now in the private sector.
The Union had announced its intention, between now and the year 2000, of increasing its financial aid to population poUcies in the develop ing countries to ECU 300 milUon.
Europol is intergovernmental. It is up to you to tell us what can be done to create such a system.
Debates of the European Parliament
In this context, action by individual Member States to improve cooperation would be both possible and fruitful.
The drafting of preamble A, as proposed in Amendment 1, taUies with the part described in the Commission's report.
Rule 98Joint debate
In 1996, they had dropped to barely 51 days.
Finally, Amendments Nos 38 and 39 demand that the dossier accompanying the authorization request supply information not only on the active matter studied but also on degradation products.
Moorhouse (PPE). ­ Madam President, my motion for a resolution today concerns the situation in Ethiopia which, despite its natural resources, is one of the poorest and least­developed countries in the world.
The European Council brings together the Heads of State or Government of the Member States and the President of the Commission at least twice yearly.
A resolution of November 1995 observes that this needs to be "so simple and transparent that every citizen will grasp hoiu the currency change-over will work ".
With this proposal, the Commission is trying to adapt the Regulation by entrusting toe European Agency for toe Evaluation of Medicinal Products with the task of examining applications for toe establishment, amendment and extension of MRLs, and to streamline toe decisionmaking process by means of this centraUzed procedure.
Neither Rule 117 nor Rule 110 makes any mention of the Bureau.
Medical education: health care, nursing, social (medical) work
The most serious shortcoming is of course that unemployment is not one of the criteria.
We are very concerned at the role which this process might play in accentuating ­ even exacerbating ­yawning social chasms which are already so marked and so serious.
To achieve it, the various cohesion programmes and measures must be directed not only towards regional development but also towards strength­ening respect for the environment.
Maij-Weggen (PPE). - (NL) On a point of order, Mr President, before Mr Oreja answers: numerous colleagues have commented on the fact that the Council is not present here.
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, and in particular Article 235 thereof, whereas on 25 June 1996 the Council adopted Regulation (Euratom, EC) No 1279/96 concerning the provision of assistance to economic reform and recovery in the new independent States and Mongolia (6) (TACIS programme);
Heads of State ot Government, or even those of third countries on official visits, all take part in the debates. European Union policies and issues such as development aid, human rights and othet cutrent problems are discussed and voted on.
With no substantial political ororganisational changesin the EU,the third European action plan to combatdrugs remains the general framework for anti-drug action with regard to the new framework established bythe Treaty of Maastricht to combat drugs in an integrated approach.This focuseson three areas:demandreduction,supply reduction and international cooperation,with reinforced cooperation between drug poli-cies.Reliable and scientifically based information is increasingly considered an essential prerequisitefor anyeffective strategy against drugs.The most significantdevelopments in 1997 relate to targeted areas of activity,changes in internal funding arrangements anddevelopments in external funding.
Thus, Directive 86/609/EEC stipulates that there must be strong scientific justification for such experiments.
If any of the proposals are rejected, the contrary decision shall be deemed adopted.
(Parliament agreed to the proposal) I shall therefore read out the letters.
The handling of BSE under both your pred­ecessor's and now your own leadership, at least as regards toe lifting of the gelatin embargo, has shown how fragile that impartiality ­ which is enshrined in the Treaty ­really is, and the extent to which it yielded to political pressure exerted by toe British Conservative Government,
We need to fight against the most radical causes of unemployment, not merely to express some vague intentions, even if they are written in the Treaty.
WOMEN'S
0 Member of Asti town council (1980-1994); senior member of Asti town council with responsibility for culture and legal issues (1986-1990).
I have two questions one concerned with this issue and another concerning the response given to Mr Stewart-Clark.
There are also a number of training projects.
We have also been able to discuss things more freely and in greater depth.
Studies in political science (Lund University).
The Commission can accept the principle underlying Amendment No 15 tabled by Mr Bowe, but does not think that the wording of the amendment is in conformity with
I cannot let you discuss it further.
And there is no vacillation there.
In the Amsterdam Treaty under Article 138(4) Parliament is asked to come up with proposals on how a common statute will operate.
Today I am pleased to say this represents common ground but you have not restricted yourselves to merely restating this basic position.
We have approval of traps which take five minutes to kill and of course these traps still catch at least 20 % of non-target species; but that is just too bad for these animals since they are not supposed to be caught in the first place.
Besides assisting in establishing a uniform approach to common procedures, such training would also have the beneficial side-effect of creating a "network" of officials known to each other, and presumably as a result more disposed to cooperation in their later careers.
In all honesty I am having trouble adjusting to the idea that in a few hours' time the Committee on External Economic Relations will have a new chairman and that Mr De Clercq will be serving the Union in a different capacity.
I am sure that each one of us knows at least one student who has studied in another European country on an Erasmus scholarship or a school class that has organized an exchange through Comenius.
■ immigration policy ■ combating drug addiction • combating
Perhaps it could give us an explanation.
Subject: OECD recommendations on combating bribery ery
Complaints are normally dealt with in a public way, but are dealt with confi dentially if the complainant so requests.
• primary ovarian failure • malformations of the sexual organs incom patible with pregnancy • fibroid tumors of the uterus incompatible with pregnancy.
I have no doubt that a solution will be found here, but, to be frank, this matter is of more interest to the Member States than to the Commission and the European Parliament.
This represents a negotiating success by all those - and I expressly include the President of the European Parliament, and also the then Dutch presidency - who thus safeguarded and protected the rights of the European Parliament.
This may block or monopolise the development of new brands and products and increase the strength of the large multinational companies at the expense of small companies, the environment and consumers.
Debates of the European Parliament
Consequently no precedent has been set for countries which may want to avoid binding commitments on human rights.
End. (s): 2
The Commission therefore published guidelines on State aid for SMEs (OJ 1996 C 213) spelling out the concrete criteria that aid to SMEs must fulfil in order to be allowed under the exemption of Article 92(3)c.
The euro and the citizen
Gebhardt (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in the previous debate I mistakenly did not use up nearly all my speaking time.
And here, I should stress, toe nickel content of toe coins or whether their composition should include nickel, was discussed.
The report devotes ample attention to the very same hazards to maritime safety which seamen's unions have spent decades trying to combat.
Nevertheless, it remains hard to believe that producers can always be unaware of the likely illicit destination of their cigarettes, and that therefore greater efforts could not be made to cooperate with law-enforcement agencies or to ensure the legitimacy of the clients acquiring cigarettes from the producers and wholesalers.
Fair enough: we await their proposals.
Schaffner lar, which is well aware of the fact that the quality of a Presidency has nothing to do with the size of the Member State called upon to exercise it.
I want to mention, over and above financial inter ests, that something interesting has happened: a convention on corruption has been approved, there is the Com mission's communication on anti-corruption policy in general, the Council is making a major drive against organized crime, and, amongst other things, a convention on mutual legal assistance is also being discussed.
Of course there have been positive develop ments and there have been problems.
Then there is the consumer's right to information.
The preparations for the transit system had been effective. At present, there was a preference for using the TIR carnet system for exports from Eastern Europe.
We are disappointed at the cut from the expected ECU 700m, which of course led to the drawing up of proposals, down to a paltry ECU 100m, over one-third of which is to be spent on BSE.
Transparent and unambiguous rules with clearly demarcated figures need to be adopted, which also take due account of the budget laws of the individual Member States and make specific provision for advance payments.
Patijn, President-in-Office of the Council. - (NL) Mr President as President-in-Office of the Council I have listened very carefully to what the honourable Members have said.
President - The next item is the debate on the statements by the Council and Commission on the position of the WTO panel concerning the COM in bananas.
I should be glad if the observatory could in fact be set up to keep an eye on things in Europe.
Donnelly, Brendan (PPE). - I understand that there will be a roll-call vote on Amendment No 11.
Of the 57 proposed amendments which Parliament supported, very little remains today, which I consider positive.
In Member States different financial incentives and instruments are used in occupational safety and health policy.
We want to see people living in officially registered partnerships treated in the same way as married couples as far as social security benefits are concerned and we want to see a committee for equality established.
I don't know if it is deliberate, but I find it most strange that I cannot under stand you at all unless I put on my headset.
Well, then, I reject the empty rhetoric we have had to listen to today in this House, I reject the value judgements and totally gratuitous attempts which have been made simply to bring discredit - I would almost describe this as personal discredit - and ï support the significant contributions we have also heard.
Fiscal matters are particularly important in this context, in that without better coordination and harmonization in all the areas that are crucial to the smooth functioning of the single market, not only will this market be quite incapable of operating satisfactorily, but the success of monetary union will be jeopardized at the same time.
17 September 1996
In conclusion, let me make one final point: we not only need to deploy the right instruments to progress in environmental policy, but we also need to deploy the right instruments at the right location.
Chapter 14 of our. Rules of Procedure is therefore one of the most important, and you probably recall that the Committee on the Rules of Procedure has made a number of proposals to try to shorten voting sessions.
Labour Party member (since 1970); has held many offices within the Party.
My reply to that is, whilst respecting your approach, the method of gathering the antagonists around the negotiating table has been the subject of wide consensus, as participants at this morning's debate will have noticed.
Debates of the European Parliament
That brings me to standardization itself.
Real savings normally require changes to regulations.
Debates of the European Parliament
Van Dijk image is used. So is men's.
A fuU sixth of the surface of'the Baltic was covered in flowering algae and the bluish­green algae was responsible for the eutrophication of the sea.
at the time that we had finally reached the end of a chapter: a chapter of genocide, assassination, ambush, arbitrary anest and summary execution.
In order to keep factories there have to be cars to be manufactured and buyers to buy them.
What considerations have been given in. the Dutch Presidency's draft on the proposals of the Inter-Governmental Conference for a revision of the European Atomic Energy Agency (EURATOM) statutes and the inclusion of extended powers of oversight by the European Parliament over EURATOM's activities and priorities?
Now it is a question of examining the feasibility of the ideas put forward.
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT BELIEVES THAT GENUINE PROGRESS MUST INCLUDE NATURE PROTECTION
We have spoken of employment but, unable to pursue an employment policy, we decide to introduce an employ ment chapter in the treaty.
name, because it was drawn up by him, with the help and cooperation however of all the Committee's members.
Notice to Members
The chairman may take part in discussions and may vote, but without having acasting vote.
This was not what this article was intended to cover, as both the Commission and the Council have stated.
Furthermore, there is in our view toe major question as to whether the maximum financial correction of 10 % is indeed enough.
Final cost per page
These expenses related to the renting of the offices initially occupied in Brussels, costs resulting from the occupation of the temporary premises in Angers, and the Office's removal costs.
Chairman of the International Young Democratic Union (IYDÜ) (1981-1983).
The vote shall be held by secret ballot on the basis of a majority of the votescast.
Explanations of vote
Nonetheless these might be the subject of a later debate should the situation in Burma deteriorate further.
I repeat for the second time: we must put a stop to that state of affairs. We have been saying that for toe past 30 years.
In Ecuador 60 % of the bananas are marketed by small producers, and they particularly suffer from lack of access to the European market.
Europe should not be aiming at is own defence industry by way of contrast with the US. The American market is already dominated by the American defence industry and leaves little space for European products.
It represents our political and moral commitment to those peoples who have won back their freedom.
"It is a mystery to me why this [barcodes proposal] has not been enthusiastically endorsed by those other members of WP30, unfortunately the ones that count. ... (in response to chairman) I mean those who are representing national bodies as either customs representatives, ministry representatives or representing the European Union through the Commission".10
I should like to recall that in the framework of the surveillance anange ments set up under the aegis of the OSCE, the Member States send observers to the spot to oversee the proper functioning of those elections.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, to fight terrorism properly, it is essential that Member States bring criminal prosecutions not only against the actual perpetrators of terrorist acts, but also against any person, group or structure which has participated in their organization, preparation or execution.
I was just referring to the Senegal agreement.
It is clear from the debate on cloning which we have already had this week that the usefulness of scientific endeavour in the genetics field has come under very close scrutiny - and I think rightly.
McMahon (PSE). - Mr President, on Tuesday when I raised the matter of the need for a statement on Norwegian salmon from the Commission - the European Parliament being the only body Sh Leon Brittan has not consulted -the President said he would pass the matter on to the Commission.
It is an extremely effective means of obliging operators to do their best to treat their customers well, knowing that it is relatively easy for them to switch to another operator.
Trends, patterns and prevalence of use
What we need is an integrated energy harmonization programme with a rimescale and not least, as I keep pointing out we must finally agree on an EC-wide energy consumption tax.
The steps I have outlined should apply to all of them.
So the plea is for assistance from Europe.
To protect our natural heritage and conserve the diversity of species and habitats, a number of measures have been taken by the Member States and o t» > THINK GLOBAL ACT the European Union. The European was set up in 1972 and the was created in 1990.
Any level of fraud and irregularity is unacceptable and forces us aU to pay more taxes.
First, I am worried about the language issue, as I said earlier.
We must make every effort to maintain our market shares, and also to increase our exports.
The reason this question is so complex is that it does not only involve a great many - several thousand - substances, but also an even greater number of preparations containing these substances.
Hardstaff (PSE). - Madam President, I should like first to pay tribute to toe excellent work done by all the rapporteurs and in particular Mr Papayannakis, both in his own report on the labeUing of beef and also in writing toe opinion for the Committee on the Environment Public Health and Consumer Protection on Mr Mayer's report on toe identification of cattle.
I do not want to know whether O'Dell is innocent or guilty, just as I am not interested in establishing the innocence or guilt of all those who openly, semi-clandestinely or clandestinely have been put to death in the last twenty-four hours - with no intervention from the Pope, no intervention from the European Parliament and no outcry from public opinion.
And are you going to make proposals in the context of VAT where we have an authority for reducing charges on intensive services?
Otherwise, we cannot continue to maintain our high expectations here.
But I know that the basic problem with this reactor is that it is situated in a fault area where earthquakes and the like can occur, and this is something which it is difficult for the TACIS programme to deal with. So as I said, we shall do everything we can to limit the risk, including trying to bring the closure date forward and giving consideration to alternative energy programmes.
What steps will the Commission take to ensure that Member States comply with the rules and keep to the agreed timetable?
University teacher Austria LIF
This will depend, of course, on the political complexion of our future leadership.
But as I have said, so as not to hold back the others we should bridge this time lag with an optional system.
♦ applicants will be required to submit a detailed workplan;
This objective is encompassed in the new multiannual programme for SMEs and the craft sector.
Tobacco transit is also subject to prior notification, a scheme under which the customs office of departure immediately informs the country of destination via the Scent computer system, which enables the country of destination to bring monitoring procedures into operation and to react immediately if the consignment is not discharged in the normal fashion.
There was creative innovation in their desire to unite former enemies, and especially to bring in Germany as a full Member of that first group of six founder Members of the Community.
Answer
A third of a million jobs in 1970 throughout the EU, today barely 100, 000.
The European Union is fully committed to the goal of the total elimination of antipersonnel landmines and all Member States will be represented, either as full participants or as observers, at Oslo.
On a political level, within the framework of the new partnership between Europe and Asia, Japan can indeed play a preponderant role.
However, there are also political viewpoints, and I should just like to examine, briefly, the significance of these.
Increasing duty is of course a generic measure which differentiates little according to time and place but an increase in duty can be imposed quickly and simply.
0 Former head of the national political secretariat of the DC and the PPI.
In Spain, customs have observed illegal introduction of tobacco by aerial observation and by following sea shipments.
The changes in central and eastern Europe have not brought any great improvement to the dreadful conditions in which some children had lived under the communist system.
Parliament shall set up standing committees whose powers shall be defined in an annex to the Rules of Proceduret.
However, when replacing the Commission at these events, the members would normally give the Commission's point of view, as this is the very least which is expected of them by the organisers.
It is a fact that in Germany everything possible is being done to stop the construction of a network of petrol stations where this oil can be bought. This is because it would be much cheaper than conventional products, probably because the state has not yet fuUy extended its highway robbery to include it.
Some of toe intemperate statements in this House and elsewhere have created toe impression that beef products carry a significant risk to health.
Since concluding the custom's union, the situation in Turkey has progressively worsened.
There is no provision for handicapped people, although toe latter surely count as major beneficiaries of the information society, given that new data processing technology aUows the limitations imposed by certain handicaps to be reduced or even eliminated completely.
It conferred important new powers on the European Parliament, including co-decision-making on legislation (Parliament makes decisions on an equal footing with the Council in certain major areas) and the appointment of a European Ombudsman.
As regards consumer information in particular, we are considering inviting toe parties to enter into discussion in order to have professional codes of conduct drawn up by the-end of 1997..
No 4-501/79 in which committees operate more transparent in order to guarantee independence vis-à-vis lobbies, when working out legislative procedures, for improving the protection of health and environment.
There are at least four different labelling practices in use for genetically altered foodstuffs and more are being planned.
These are major strategic issues where success is extremely difficult to come by.
I apologise, and I ask the President to repeat the vote on this point or to check where the PPE group thinks that the proposal is to be found.
By voting in the European elections, the citizens of Europe take a direct part in the running of the European Union, which plays an ever­increasing role in our daily lives.
Here too no institutional advance was made.
There are major philosophical, cultural and ethical challenges facing the world in respect of which Europe can, and should, be a major player.
(Parliament approved the request for urgent procedure)
(The sitting was opened at 3 p.m.)
From the outset we have emphasized the question of content, as it is generally called, and the fact that we are speaking in terms of an information society shows quite clearly that we have considered this sociological, social and of course also cultural aspect right from the start.
I know the BSE problem is indeed a very grave one and toat an estimated 15 people have died from toe associated disease of CJD.
The documents must contain details of the customs offices of entry and exit, the itinerary to be followed, the deadline for the delivery of the goods (normally 8 days), the load list, the consignor, the customs office of destination, the consignee and the transport company. The TIR carnet can only be used for vehicles belonging to the company which holds the carnet and bearing the certificate 'Agrément'.
Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection
These are delinquents and criminals who are prosecuted as such.
Forty years of peace and prosperity seem to have dimmed the memory of aU those fratricide wars that afflicted our countries, while also promoting a kind of socio­cultural laxity that has certainly weakened those responsible so that, for example, civic education is almost totally disregarded by educational institutions and the media.
They cannot replace the final decision by the political authority, far less become blanket opinions, as someone else has aheady said.
Danish working environment service
This means that the students whose families cannot afford to subsidise them continue to be excluded.
I confirm that to you now.
Attention is drawn to the fact that the forecast contributions remain constant over the whole period; this is because most economic forecasts currently available indicate that the current low level of inflation in the European Union will also continue unchanged over the next few years.
The first subject and challenge, the employment Summit, which we intend to prepare effectively with your help.
But the Amsterdam European Council did itself ask the Commission to consider how to guarantee the free movement of goods effectively, including the possibility of imposing penalties on Member States, and asked it to submit proposals on this before the next meeting of the European Council in December 1997.
Fines of up to DM 10 000 may also be imposed for infringements of various customs regulations.
I can only explain that I was engaged in intense discussion with my Member of the European Parliament in my office on the vexed subject of the painting of our kitchen and, consequently, was detained longer than either of us in tended.
0 County Councillor, Wicklow.
An extension of the regulation on block exemptions, for example to include selective distribution and partial exclu­
Question No 58 by Josu Imaz San Miguel (H-0558/97)
We accept Amendments Nos 3, 7 and 17 on handicapped users. We should like to point out, however, that comprehensive treatment of all possible cases is not relevant in the legislative part and nor can it be incorporated there.
The social dialogue, of course, has flourished in recent years and has now reached quite a key stage in its development.
After that, you are free to organize things as you see fit.
Debates of the European Parliament
The vote will be taken tomorrow at 12.00 noon.
I would then comment on the financial implications.
In Europe as a whole there are some 7 or 8 million Roma, and even within the EU there are altogether some Wi to 2 million.
The first, emphasized by Mrs Daskalaki, is that we must stop allocating European aid without worrying about the use made of it in societies that are ill prepared for Uberalization.
However, there are information centres.
The draft Treaty text produced by the Irish Presidency at the conference in Dublin in December largely followed the guidelines proposed by the Commission.
The accompanying measures of the 1992 reforms were specifically designed to promote positive effects from farming.
So, as Mr Provan has suggested, I hope Sir Leon Brittan will make a full and frank statement to the House on Monday or Tuesday of the next part-session in Strasbourg on the current state of play on this very serious issue, which affects thousands of jobs in Scotland, Ireland and other parts of the Community.
It is for just this reason that the new regulation on identification of beef and registration of cattle has assumed such importance.
The same policy for the use of the owninitiative power underlies the Ombudsman's next such inquiry.
For that reason representatives of the CPVO participate with observer status in the work of the Standing Committee on Seeds and Propagating Material for Agriculture, Horticulture and Forestry.
On three occasions this year I have been refused entry into Terminal D on my laissez-passer.
The producer may, after all, not be adversely affected.
Canada also offers the example, a very interesting one for all those concerned with the European institutions, of a federal country which, in spite of its age, has not found its equilibrium.
0 Agronomy and Food science
Carnero González (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Madam President, the citizens of Algeria will only be able to Uve together in peace when the terrorist crimes have ceased and the process of democratic transition has been restarted.
This proposal by the Commission is therefore necessary', as of all the vessels of 24 metres and over, 85 9c are vessels measuring between 24 and 45 metres.
All that can be said is that if an agreement had been signed with Australia, the Council would have regarded the inclusion of the human rights clause as an essential part of that agreement.
GONAL- F® should not be administered in case of pregnancy and lactation.
The motion, of course, is only directed against the Commission, and that indeed, collectively.
The Commission said yesterday at the meeting of the Committee on Budgets that there were no basic doubts from their point of view, but that in the area of Category 2 - structural policy - doubts certainly continued to be felt.
Many people believed that President Mobutu, Mobutu the dictator, might work in favour of stability in the region.
We should not therefore regard sport as a primarily economic activity but as an essential social and cultural contribution to international understanding, and we should do aU we can to promote it within the strict bounds of the subsidiarity principle.
Indeed this was exactly the sort of sum that was needed in order to enhance the research of the EU.
Hory (ARE). - (FR) Mr President, I obviously support the compromise motion put before the European Parliament by the radicals and liberals on the Congo crisis.
It is a matter for regret that the House did not follow our lead on the occasion of the 1996-97 price package by voting in favour of the amendments proposed by our group, which have now been adopted by the rapporteur.
I should like to hear what the Commissioner thinks about these compensatory, measures.
­ Common foreign policy: • systematic cooperation ■ common positions ond joint action - Common defence policy based on the Western European Union (WEU)
There is a paradox in the Commissioner's presentation today.
So what are the Member States doing?
I can assure you that it is not the normal custom of the Commission to be subjected to pressure, particularly when there are illegal ship inspec-
Now the best effectiveness is achieved by coordination, as you explained so clearly in your report.
The Commission has never contested the right of the Danish authorities to apply this legislation.
Let us not confuse the past and the future.
I say this to Mrs Moreau in particular: the reduction in the number of people employed in the former postal monopolies, both in Sweden and in other countries, is due more to technical development than to the existence of competition.
After all, industry should no longer be allowed to clean up the air by discharging dirt into the water; an overall approach is needed.
Ephremidis (GUE/NGL). - (EL) Mr. President, all the questions asked by previous speakers have a single explanation: the Commission, and whatever is around and behind it, wants to hide the fact that what is involved is
B4­0104/97 by Mr Wiersma and others, on behalf of toe PSE Group, on the situation in Mostar and Eastern Slavonia;
The wonderful thing about most software packages is that there is practically no extra cost involved in adapting them for the disabled provided this is done at an early stage in the development process.
Cohn-Bendit (V). - (FR) Ladies and gentlemen, when human misfortune spills over into this House, it is a matter of dignity for us to accept that, sometimes, the problems of society may make themselves felt even here.
If the EU concentrates too much on the region as a whole and does not pay attention to individual differences, it will thwart its own aims and probably achieve the very opposite of what we actually wish to see.
In effect, freight forwarders are unwillingly subsidising organised crime.
0 Publication on marketing under licence (Trauner Verlag).
How can you just answer by saying that the Commission report is 'bla, bla, bla'?
I would take it that you are now all convinced that the difference in scale between SMUs and large businesses also requires a differentiation of policy in some areas.
Question No 115 by Gerard Collins (H-0091/97) Subject: Objective 1 regions
The European Union's view, as has incidentally been reasserted in declarations by the Council and by its representative in this House, is that extraterritorial legislation is unacceptable in law and in principle.
The social and economic situation in Central and Eastern Europe, the New Independent States and Mongolia is in constant evolution.
I now move to the points being made by the Committee on Budgets.
Over and above its political differences, Parliament as a whole is concerned to ensure that, from nowvon, considerations of human health are taken more into account in the framing of Community policies.
Yet the Commission is calling, for long-term regional and economic framework conditions that are nothing more than specific aid programmes - which we have already had in 1972, 1976, 1984 and 1990.
The EU must have transparency in its administration, and mad cow disease helps to illustrate this need.
Let me end by asking the Commission to put to the House more specific proposals for reform, broken down as necessary.
We believe that those orders will make it possible to approach energy-related issues in a homogeneous way, but one which takes into account the particular features of each type of energy source.
Development problems in Italy, p. 8 - 6.
PSE spokesperson on the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
de Silguy. ­ (FR) First, let me say that I quite agree that jobs cannot be created with documents and treaties.
The proposal for a Council directive amending Directive 94/58/EC, which is the subject of my report, calls for all the requirements of the Convention to be properly and effectively implemented in the EU and incorporated into Community law.
Since each of our countries has its own social traditions and social history, it would be more advisable to retain and restore the most advanced national schemes, and to develop the others.
The cohesion effort cannot be exclusively regional - it must be a social objective, too.
It is evident that not all the Member States of the European Union will be ready for that deadline.
Just how will the first ever human rights call for an ASEAN country be interpreted in the case of Vietnam.
And, as the co-chairperson of the ACP working party, I extend to Mrs Pery my hopes for every success in the future not only on behalf of this House, but also on behalf of a whole host of members from the ACP countries.
The Community Transit and TIR regimes operated for many years without significant problems providing invaluable benefits facilitating International trade.
The results are as follows:
Had they succeeded, we would have been saved millions of deaths and endless human and material losses.
Pursuant to Rule 16, the Quaestors will take precedence in the order in which they were elected.
President
Ullmann be imposed on all the States and their national law.
Consistency would thus suggest that we had a regulation here too.
I know that there are some Member States that want that.
Report (A4-0041/97) by Mrs Matikainen-Kallström, on behalf of the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy, on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision (COM(95)440-12046/96 -C4-0664/96-95/0237(AVQ) on the conclusion by the European Communities of the Energy Charter Treaty and of the Energy Charter Protocol on energy efficiency and related environmental aspects
0 She is concerned with social and health policy and services, as well as territorial problems of the Metropolitan area and has special interest in the training sector, specializing in the study of psychosocial relations.
On the basis of this expert opinion, my officials went to the region to see for themselves and we adopted the position I described in reply to the previous question. So, the expert opinion is
We voted - though my group did not - for customs union.
Van Dijk (V). - (NL) Mr President, I am sorry to prolong matters, but I put a very specific question to the Commissioner.
But we cannot support toe EU's minutely detaüed regulation which is proposed through the introduction of com mon rales for distance selling of financial services, for interest on late payment by creditors, for sanctions for non payment and the harmonisation of collection procedures.
It is clear from the above that the transit system is vulnerable to a significant degree of administrative error.
That is one possibility.
The financial situation of the Office is referred to in the reports of the parliamentary committee on the budgets of the satellite agencies. The president of the Office is invited to participate in the annual meetings of the Parliament's rapporteur with representatives of the agencies.
* analyses are performed * costs: equipment, disposable equipment or external services, costs of substitute products, maintenance and energy, additional work time
I therefore call on the Commission not to sit back and simply watch the rising political tension and to urge the Council to accept its responsibilities and demand full compliance with the Dayton Agreement from all its signatories.
That is something we should certainly pay very close attention to.
The Mandate of the European Ombudsman
I question whether we should still hesitate or blush when we say to any panel that we will defend this situation, this form of economic activity behind which so many other issues are at stake.
DOC_EN\CM\314\314289
We did not impose it. Secondly, since there was a transparent procedure under which a lot of other companies were asked to bid for CSI, we must assume that the winner offered the best terms.
Santer, President of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, ladies and genüemen, on 17
The Swiss mission in Brussels has been following the work of the Committee of Inquiry very closely and indicated that the Swiss administration would be willing to discuss with the delegation the difficulties for a country involved in the common but not the Community transit system, the particular problems involved in the transport of cigarettes and the attitude of the Swiss on the prospects for reform of the transit system.
Contents
DOC_EN\CM\307\307439
I am therefore pleased that an amend­ment is being submitted for the first reading to limit it to the period covered by the report, that is, from 1 July 1995 to 30 June 1996.
Together with another honourable member who recently moved from the EPP to Mrs Schaffner' s Group I instituted proceedings before the Court in Rotterdam, where the chief public prosecutor there said' sorry, Sir, you know that a preliminary ruling can only be requested by the highest judicial body in the land.
In the United Kingdom, Section 134 and Schedule 17 of the Finance Act 1981 introduced a one-off windfall levy on banks.
NGOs in environmental protection, p. 149 - 7.
But wé must also be clear in our minds that it creates new risks as well; risks which we must attempt to minimise.
We have to acknowledge - as the report does, and I would like to reiterate that acknowledgement - the fact that the
First, Member States must re-examine their policies on the resources made available to customs services.
That, frankly, is not, and will not be, good enough.
It is difficult to estimate the effect of this enlargement on the Translation Centre's operating costs, either in total or per page, since at present we do not have enough information on how the freelance market works in each of the countries concerned.
Debates of the European Parliament
Hoover moved to England because that particular area had its back to the wall and accepted below-normal wages and much poorer social conditions than in the rest of the country.
More than ever the une of demarcation separates not Palestinians from Israelis, but those in favour of the peace process from those against.
Has the Commission carried out an assess ment, and would it maybe even be possible to consider a conference or some kind of meeting to which the trade unions are invited to give their views on it?
What we are discussing now is not progress for human dignity but a threat to human dignity, so we have to take very strong action.
Debates of the European Parliament
We must not and cannot explain absolutely every detail of our work.
Commissioner, may I ask you whether you think there is any aspect of the use of landmines to defend Finland's eastern border which concerns the European Union? It is, after all, an external border of the European Union.
Bjerregaard, Member of the Commission. - (DA) Mr President, when I spoke earlier, using up a great deal of my speaking time, I made a brief attempt to answer the question on liability.
The forerunner of the despachante oficial (official forwarding agent or DO) thus came into being, and the first references in law appeared in the Decrees of 6 April, 16 May, and 20 July 1832.
In this case it is the principle of subsidiarity which comes into play.
This flagging out has enormous detrimental consequences for the European Union.
I want to talk about the budgetary procedure because it is very interesting.
It is not obliged to accept the invitation; this is an offer of negotiations to the Council, and after all we did reach an agreement at the trialogue that we should receive amended figures this autumn, so today's discussion will not mark the end of the ad hoc procedure.
Since work on this project was abandoned in November 1993 at an early stage, the Commission, in consultation with the Irish authorities, is considering making a corresponding reduction to its financial contribution to the programme.
Companies, we are told, have not always suppUed the right information, sometimes even because the Commission has not always made it clear what it wanted and there are far too many substances whose trials have not even begun, never mind been completed.
So it is very timely that we should now lay down a marker in this Parliament, because there is no point in doing this in November, or indeed December, when everybody will be aware of the very serious situation.
As responsible companies, the FFE participants propose a number of measures to preserve the Τ transit regime:
Member, Environment Committee and Transport Committee.
If a country does not answer, they can only be exported if, in the case of each individual shipment, the country at the receiving end says Yes.
Approval of the Minutes, p. 19 - 2.
0 Silver Decoration of the Republic of Austria.
It is obvious that you should not be able to give support to organizations that use violence or which may be regarded as criminal.
The representative of the Commission shall submit to the committee a draft of the measures to be taken.
The 'Kleisthenis' programme forms an important part of the Second Community Support Programme for Greece: it is intended to modernize Greek public administration which constitutes one of the main priorities in Greek attempts to promote development and convergence with the other Community countries.
I have been following your work carefully, including at the recent conference, but I think we need to do more.
Subject:
So a number of imperative rules must be established, in terms of both controls and methods of production.
It was made clear to the delegation by all interlocutors that transit fraud (and indeed conventional smuggling) was dominated by organised crime.
Monetary Union, then the government in Helsinki will not fail to raise the matter with the Commissioner responsible either directly or through its own Commissioner.
That is the reason for our reaction.
These aims are sufficiently ambitious without the desire expressed in the report to make charges recoverable through the social security system, i.e. to have the tax payer foot the bill, at a time of great pressure on public funds.
The Rome Treaties originally provided for the Commission to propose and the Council to decide, after consulting Parliament.
This essentially involves strengthening, or even extending, the partnerships already developed and focusing further on the area of interinstitutional cooperation.
Under the terms of the TEU, the exchange of customs information must be set within the framework of the EC Treaty.
Chairman of Convergences Ecologie-Solidarité.
The difficulty we nevertheless have in achieving sustainable social and economic development has to do with the fact that, in the rich countries, we have built up a lifestyle that goes in exactly the opposite direction.
It should be added that the selection undertaken by the Commission, the national authorities and the independent experts is based not on national quotas but on the quality of the project, meaning the purely technical and/or ecological advances that may be found in the demonstration projects.
Price (excluding VAT) in Luxembourg: Annual subscription 1997/98: ECU 275.
However, wine production can also be reduced, for example, by diversifying the outlets for grape products: we have grape juice or its derivatives, for example, or grape sugar although this is still a marginal method.
I call on the Commissioner to argue with some force in favour of the proposals to which she has referred to support the right of genuine family reunion in all Euro pean countries.
Europe itself was still limited to the common market and there was the conviction that you could separate the economic from the political.
Corrie which gives us the right to travel anywhere within the 15 nations.
For them, the only voice they need to listen to is that of their shareholders.
Origin of applications
This is now being translated by an agency.
The signatory states to the Rio convention were supposed to bring down their energy consumption to the 1990 level by the year 2005.
This means that only large-scale research projects will be supported, and that leads to centralization, so that it is then questionable whether there will be any narrowing of the gap between rich and poor.
This must stop. It is time for France to work out a new policy instead of this disastrous one, which has been disastrous even for its own interests.
appreciated working with officials at the Commission, particularly those directly involved with the very difficult dossier concerning Regulation 1408/71.1 should also like to reiterate our thanks to Mr Rob Cornelissen and wish him every success in his new job.
The Europe of Nations Group can only rejoice at the outcome, and we thank the Members of the European Parliament for supporting these amendments.
Genetic engineering represents a revolution in medicine.
We do not believe that border controls aimed at preventing the free movement of drugs, weapons, crime, etc. conflicts with the principle of mobility for the people.
Each Member State is clearly in a better position than the Commission to assess, in the light of the anangements in that Member State, the circumstances and extent to which activities of the armed forces are likely to conflict with the provisions of the Working Tune Directive.
The new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement be tween the European Union and the Republic of Armenia, concluded for a period of ten years, is intended to promote economic and social reforms and the restructuring of the economic and trade systems.
There will be nothing for national parliaments nor for the European Parliament to deal with because there will be paralysis.
more invisible or informal qualifications have come to nothing.
I can understand the principle that an internal market should not have duty-free trade. The most important question is on the other hand what is to be done to reduce unemployment in Europe.
Ladies and gentlemen, pursuant to Rule 109 of the Rules of Procedure and after caUing Mr Giansily to order repeatedly, I am using my powers under the Rules to expel Mr Giansily from the Chamber.
It is a critical moment.
I should again like to add that, if we are disappointed by Europe, we should remember that the current European crisis is in many respects the sum total of all of the crises in the Member States themselves.
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of Parliament (until 1995).
Debates of the European Parliament
In these circumstances, if the Commission's action was to be effective it also needed to be swift.
This means that we will open up our market earlier than, and to a different extent from, what we expect from the Bulgarian side.
It must be the EU's task to stimulate the activities of these small firms.
It has been of use to economic relations, and it has repeatedly provided confirmation for those in power in Tehran that theh policy can be pursued with impunity. As far as human rights are concerned, this socalled critical dialogue has changed nothing, and yet the preservation of and respect for human rights is the most important issue of all!
After what I have said that would be impossi­ble, but we shall do it nevertheless.
Answer
The measures have been of benefit to both the company and the immigrant workers.
In reality, a conditional censure is a phoney censure.
The Council seems to be poised to throttle the broad remit sought by the Commission in the field of public health and would doubtless follow that by a noose of budgetary restrictions.
At the Council meeting of 20 December 1996, the Council was unable to take a decision relating to the objectives designed to restructure the Community fisheries sector for the period from 1 January 1997 to 31 December 2002.
My third reason is perhaps the most important one, and that is the impression and impact that we as a Parliament make on the people sitting in the tribunal, the people watching us on television and looking at our work.
I refer you to Article 77(2) of the Staff Regulations.
Indeed, given the undoubted fact that most information held by UCLAF in any case either derives from or is shared with Member State authorities, the question is genuinely one of packaging rather than substance, though one of potentially enormous benefit to prosecutors.
E. Political groups Distribution of seats by political group and Member State
This may be a fact, but it is not sufficient to make us resort to such measures.
I am very grateful to have the opportunity to speak to her today and to see that she has recovered sufficiently to attend.
Azzolini any effective, sustainable solution to the unemployment problem.
I think that the European Union must adopt a global approach to its relations with Latin America which appreciates the very plurality of this continent.
Boogerd-Quaak led to the diminution of the number of people in family units and a redefining of the role of women.
22.10.1947 Businessman, farmer Germany CDU MEP: 25.07.1989
But that committee has considered further amendments and we are asking for further action in the resolution.
Answer
One of the issues which should be raised in this consumer campaign must relate, as has already been mentioned by the rapporteur, to the introduction of dual pricing in our shops and supermarkets in euros and in punts.
Those were my comments on the amendments proposed' for the Articles.
We need a system of benchmarking for invest ments, because when we consider that in Germany alone, investments fell last year from 18 billion to 1.1 bn, we realize just how vulnerable our situation is, and it is only by pulling together that we shall be able to escape from the hole that we are in.
Colom i Naval (PSE). - (ES) Mr President, I would like to make a comment on today's agenda.
We are replying today to the invitation of toe CouncU, which deshed a debate on Algeria.
Member States must also be responsible to this authority.
It not just aircraft noise, which has very rightly been highlighted, and noise from factories that we are talking about.
I shaU personally ensure via toe interconnection toat it also happens.
Thus when we say 'no' to eradication, it is not the same as saying 'yes' to fundamentalism, but it is saying that a different solution to Algeria's problems must be found.
Therefore, I shall repeat what I said at the beginning - we shall be voting against this report.
Surveyor's diploma. 0 Member of the federal council of the Northern Leaque.
van den Broek, Member of the Commission. - (NL) Mr President, I would just add one thing to what the Presidentin-Office has said and which I am happy to endorse.
Article 3Consideration of the draft budget - first stage
Yet this is a challenge for the European Union, after the stagnation of recent years.
Rule 94Recommendations in the fields of justice and home affairs
The various problems raised, studied and dealt with in the Commission's Green Paper, along with the worthy contribution of the Committee on Development and Cooperation - here I would like to pay tribute to our rapporteur -have led to the drafting of this motion for a resolution, in which Parliament's desire to see the birth of a Lomé V, whose main objective would be the plugging of gaps in our cooperation, is clearly highlighted.
* Club Members must nominate their "approved" agent/s (e.g. can be their own subsidiaries, appointed agent etc.) for each country they trade with.
So it was too late to move the text from the explanatory statement to the motion for a resolution.
I thank everyone who has contributed so generously to this debate.
Between 10 to 50 IMGs will be financed per country per deadline. Only applications which clearly demonstrate their impact on the partner country university/ institution concerned with a firm commitment from the legal representative (e.g. rector, director, faculty dean) will be considered for funding.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is crucial above all, in my opinion, to abide by the principle laid down in the European treaties and in the Schengen Agreement: Europe as. an area of freedom and democracy, under the jurisdiction of the Court of Justice and with democratic control over the processing of data.
Member of the Ministry of Transport, Tourism and Communication inspectorate (1980).
The will of this Parliament would have been respected and the intention of the WTO panel on Helms-Burton would have been implemented.
We take the view - and I would put this to Commissioner Flynn - that our borders must be transformed into thresholds, linking and offering access to people who are in or seeking paid employment.
Our Group notes with satisfaction that this agreement places greater emphasis on traditional fishing which, in line with commitments made by the Senegalese govern­ment, should benefit until 2001 from a significant share of the financial compensation paid by the European Union.
I wish to support the compromise amendments which the rapporteur has tabled in this report concerning user charges for heavy goods vehicles.
Research may not lead to changes in current procedures.
■ three 'golden rules' on the financing of public debt:
They want at least the Treaty to give us the right to start to coordinate our macroeconomic policies to generate job creation at European Union level.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is now a question of implementing it.
As with any strategic document, toe ESDP is not however, merely intended to set out a number of objectives.
During plenary sessions, 'Question Time' provides a forum for a series of questions and answers on topical matters between Members of Parliament and Members of the Commission.
In my opinion it is important for environmental issues to be included in the operative paragraphs of the report too. My first amendment aims to do this.
It only serves, as I say, to promote.prejudices which are not backed by facts.
It is prefer able to link forestry issues with issues related to the forestry industry and not to agricultural policy.
■ a stable exchange-rate within the European Monetary System;
I should like to emphasize the link that exists between the two proposals that Mr Cohn­Bendit puts forward in paragraph 5 of his report, where he rightly talks about this idea of a conference and says that 'at the same time, the European Union would commit itself to an ambitious long­term programme of enhanced, concerted and multi­lateral economic assistance to the reconstruction of the region'. I maintain that these two things are closely intenelated.
On the basis of evidence found in Safex Cold Store and Heine Foods on 14 July we asked the UK authorities to withdraw these companies' approvals.
This is an agreement which was signed in the framework of the IMO.
Thanks to the actions of council, which has already granted 5 posts, the 23 I was speaking of for 1997 will, in fact, be 18.
Naturally, there are problems such as the safeguarding of human rights and global poverty-alleviation poUcy - in this respect we can accept the European ParUament's recommendation - and I am pleased, Mr Liese, that you are pleased with the Commission at least this evening - you cannot imagine how happy we at the Commission are that this House is pleased with us, because it has not happened very often - and I am also pleased that we are in a position to accept virtually 90 % of your amendments, although a few do cause us some problems.
And that too should be a lesson to you and to us.
If that sounds self-satisfied, so be it, but we are here to represent the wider European electorate and, in that respect, we have achieved our aims.
Two examples will suffice to illustrate the cases mentioned above:
We should reject the fear stirred up by the likes of Mr Vanhecke just now, by the likes of John Major, by the likes of John Redwood, by the likes of Michael Howard, by the likes of Mr Le Pen, by the likes of William Hague, who would like us to believe that there is a threat to all our countries from over-centralization in Europe.
I wish to refer, in particular, to the important reference made by Mrs McNally to Amendment No 1 which we are going to debate and vote on today, refening to indent 12.
Sichrovsky recent years we have been sedulously keeping quiet about: the abandonment of the federal idea.
In a declaration on Cyprus by the presidency, on behalf of the EU, published on the eve of the negotiations, the Union called upon the two sides in Cyprus to approach the discussions in a spirit of openness and expressed the hope that the discussions would pave the way to a genuine process of negotiation.
“These activities are fully in line with the Instrument for EU Pre-Accession Assistance focused on attracting private investors into this region.”
ment on manufacturing industry distorts competition.
The European Parliament is aware of the current difficulties of an institutional order in Chile but 1998 is going to be a key year, and it is going to be a time for showing the confidence of the Member States, the Commission and the European Parliament in Chile's future; now we are hold ing this debate on the new framework of relations whose final objective will be the liberalisation of all commercial links.
The explanatory statement shall be the responsibility of the rapporteur and shallnot be put to the vote. lt must, however,accord with the text of the motion for aresolution as adopted and any amendments proposed by the committee and shall,where necessary, give a clear indication of the minorityopinion. opinion.
I also hope that Commissioner Bangemann will act on the terms of Amendment No 7 calling for the Commission to put a stop to the systematic infringement by motor vehicle manufacturers and importers of the Block Exemption Regulation.
The President of the Commission has to take that into account now in what he does.
Closing of the Renault plant in Belgium, p. 10 - 6.
QUESTION: Have any transport companies been forced to close down because they were obliged to pay the guarantee obligations themselves?
In cases of nonimplementation the Commission will initiate infringement proceedings as provided by Article 169 of the EC Treaty.
Chapter 21 - Total
In this respect it is important to view the Baltic States as three separate States and to treat them as such.
The very principle of economic and social cohesion is at stake and we are, in this text, affirming the political vocation of a whole project.
On 27.5.1997 Eleni Foka, a Greek-Cypriot teacher from Karpasia, went to the free area of Cyprus in order to receive medical treatment.
SITTING OF THURSDAY, 20 FEBRUARY 1997
But the subject does have important political implications.
To achieve positive change over the longer term, special programmes are required to cover areas ranging from information and awareness programmes to qualitative analysis of programmes and actions.
But before we take the step of introducing such legislation, I think it is essential that we answer the questions raised by the Environment Committee, which were put to us a moment ago.
Ukraine, and we are still struggling to have them both ratified, you will have some idea of the effort required to persuade all 15 Member States to conclude the ratification process in good time.
01.01.1946 University lecturer United Kingdom Lab. MEP: 19.07.1994 PSE
Two priorities: prevention and recycling
We would emphasize most strongly and denounce the fact that this analysis does not make reference to the price stability of Community products.
Our competi tors are no longer, as was traditional, the United States and Japan, but in addition to those countries the emerging economies with cost structures which make them very competitive on the international markets.
The present wording is: 'the common foreign and security policy shall include all questions related to the security of the Union, including the eventual framing of a common defence policy, which might in time lead to a common defence.'
It should come as no surprise, therefore, that we refuse to vote for the proposal put by the Committee on Budgets which is so remote from the public opinion of the nations of Europe.
On the other hand, if the treatment offers no benefit to the patient, it must be prohibited, because the starting point here is the principle that the consent is refused since it cannot even be obtained.
I think that the situation is far less clear than today's debate in the House would suggest and I know that there are also reservations about the strictness, reliability and protection against fraud of the system.
The following additional features are available as options for customers with the ITCU system:
We believe that it is more important to enact a basic directive that encompasses general points and is applicable to all.
The Commission is proposing that from the year 2000 onwards, ECU lbn per year be made available from the structural funds, ECU 500m in agricultural programmes, in addition to support from PHARE, which is ECU 1.2bn per annum.
To us, military tension in the north would mean an increase in insecurity and for this reason we have wished to maintain our neutrality» If NATO is enlarged to include Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovenia, it will still not reach Russia's borders.
But in particular I want to thank the rapporteur and the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, because we find most of the amendments they have tabled acceptable and think they improve the proposal which, I believe, was fairly good in the first place, taken as a whole - as Mrs Schleicher rightly pointed out.
The unnecessary and incomprehensible discussion on the very modest Irish proposals for a joint approach to combating international drug crime indicated a lack of perception on the part of other Member States, and a lack of coordination here in the House.
Of course, we do not wish to revolutionize the concept of consumer as such, but we believe that this is an important and substantial point which may properly be related to the specific sector of consumer credit.
We must also involve the ECMM and all the people on the ground, and work with them to rebuild the state.
Parliament was able to get what it wanted in the socalled management committee procedure.
There are those who wrongly imagine honey to be an industrial product.
We cannot repeat that often enough.
There is perhaps not an increase in the absolute level of reported offences, but we have seen an increasing degree of violence associated with such offences as are committed.
Various factors such as the position of the European Parliament and debates about 'farmers privileges', together with the sheer complexity of the subject, meant that it was much later than originally expected before discussions were completed.
This is why my group feels it is clear that the fixing of rates cannot be left entirely to the Member States' discretion.
The Commission unfortunately confines itself to these facts and analyses and does not venture forth into innovative proposals which would be of a nature such as to permit the maintenance and development of these informal services, which it acknowledges would permit a significant reduction in social protection costs.
This is the spirit in which we are voting in favour of this resolution today.
Ularmonization
At present these processes take too long: a period of 6 to 8 years is no longer compatible with the life cycle of products of these technologies.
While the 1992 excise Dhective set out a procedure for granting exemptions, in effect three procedures can be identified over the years.
Hautala (V). - (FI) Madam President it has already been mentioned here that Finland and Greece have not signed the Brussels agreement or declaration on a complete ban on landmines.
Now, by communitarising these sectors, control by the people would be made even more difficult.
Data/fax interface
Annual report on the state of the drugs problem in the European Union
But this argument does hold water if the Commission demonstrates every day that it is supranational, especially regarding those fundamental questions on which no concessions can be made.
As a result of this reorientation, STOA is an assessment office that assists the activities of Parliament and is better coordinated with the work of the committees, while retaining its independent expert status.
Similarly it is clear - and it goes without saying that the PPE as a whole and in particular the current Government of Spain of which it forms part and the Members on whose behalf I am speaking - have always fully defended the need for a joint approach on the part of the Community institutions to the great transnational problems facing the European Union in the realm of the third pillar and we are particularly keen to see the creation of a common area of freedom and security.
Concerning the main theme for the next report ­ this time it was the role of women in small and medium­sized businesses ­ it is conect that it is to be the environment.
As for both of Mr Langen's reports, our group is overall favourable to Mr Langen's position.
KEY FIGURES FOR THE TRANSLATION CENTRE 1999-2003
Then we were disappointed over the past few days at the alarming news from Amsterdam and, finally, when we learned the results, consternation set in.
Many people are living in near-poverty, and, in two reported cases, DOs have been unable to endure the consequences of a situation brought about through no fault of their own.
The contribution Europe can make here is to identify a Europe-wide problem and to recommend Europe-wide solutions.
The main problem for nonconventional medical products is the proof of efficacy.
Police from Europol will also be able to operate on 'another Member State's territory' (and in so doing enjoy diplomatic immunity).
Democracy is thwarted here because European citizens have the impression that the decisionmaking process is completely be yond their understanding.
The Committee on Petitions upheld the justice of then case and asked that when forthcoming legislation on financial services was produced that toe position of these vulnerable people - not just in Britain, but throughout Europe - be protected.
Commissioner, we agree with the main thrust of the Commission's proposal, and with the compromise reached in the second report by Mr Baldarelli.
The composition of the import rules, too, which were intended to further the marketing of banana products from the EC and ACP states, were not considered to be in accordance with WTO regulations, as were aspects of our agreement with the most important countries of origin which were part of the agriculture chapter in the Uruguay Round.
This evil is rightly described as a result of the Member States' lack of political wiU.
Commissioner Bangemann referred to this in his speech.
We are supporting the construction of 2000 megawatt nuclear reactors to the tune of ECU 75 million.
Member of the national bureau.
Buremstam Linder (PPE). - (SV) Mr President, Mr Titley has written an important report.
The third is transparency of prices and services, the fourth is access to the law and assistance with certain kinds of arbitration procedure, with disputes, and toe fifth is toe involvement of consumers in technological changes.
(B4-0551/97) by Mr Telkämper and Mrs Hautala, on behalf of the V Group, on the situation in Burma;
Do you think, Mr President, that this method, which is used in a number of countries, is a good way to solve Europe's problems, as they appear in the statistics, by actually working less?
PHARE is indeed the European Union's main instrument of cooperation with the Central and Eastern European countries while at the same time representing the most comprehensive international support project for these countries.
The Commission should follow the wishes of Parliament, the Council and, most important, the overwhelming majority of toe general public in Europe and ban toese cruel imports which merely allow fashionable men and women to exhibit theh inhumanity to animals.
Mr Klaus Hänsch President of the European Parliament 97-113, rue Belliard B - 1047 Bruxelles
It should be noted that the transit system is still often used to get the cigarettes to a location from which they can easily be smuggled, but that it is in these cases completed in a completely regular fashion.
Member States which do not have such a provision should amend their legislation on evidence so that UCLAF is able to initiate criminal proceedings and to give evidence in court on the'same basis as national authorities.
Worked for 'Journalists in Europe' (1975-1976).
Having said that in view of toe delay by toe Commission, it is normal to accept an extension of three years for toe other products which have yet to be evaluated by toe European Agency.
0 Member of Berlin Chamber of Deputies (March-July 1971); Municipal councillor in Tiergarten, Berlin (from August 1971); re-election as municipal councillor and election as deputy district mayor (1975).
The organization by the World Bank and the Commission of an international conference of donors will depend on the establishment by the Albanian Government of a programme of economic reform benefiting from IMF support.
A final point on the redistribution of taxation: all taxes should benefit the transport sector, with a view to solving its problems.
However, we all have the impression, you and I, that we are going backwards.
Amendments for consideration in Parliament may be tabled by the committeeresponsible, a political group or at least twenty-nine Members.
Debates of the European Parliament
It is very good that Mrs Bonino comes to us now after the debacle at the end of December and says: 'Let us now talk seriously about the conservation measures, about MAGP IV'.
The Commission also acknowledged that the measure was likely to produce a particularly destructive impact on the cereals market.
A speaker from the ELDR Group criticized us, saying that we should be more concerned with standardization.
But in the plenary perhaps I can just recall some basic elements.
You said we ought not to debate that, since for the time being it will not be compulsory, it wiU be optional for a while.
In 1994 a total of 50 parties signed the Energy Charter Treaty and the Energy Charter Protocol, concerning energy efficiency and related environmental aspects, to create a sound international legal basis for the principles and objectives stated in the Protocol.
Debates of the European Parliament
Recommendation 10:
The EDU has already dealt with several requests from Member States in this field.
Subject: The 'Television without frontiers' directive
The Council adopted 301 legislative acts between 2 October 1995 - toe date on which the Council adopted toe Code of Conduct on the publishing of minutes and statements in the minutes of toe Council acting as legislator - and 31 December 1996.
In addition, it will also be financed by Ukraine itself and third party donors will also part-finance it.
Four networks, composed of a total of twelve areas have been pre-selected under the TERRA Programme.
We are opposed to such a development.
Percentages ranged then from 0.4 to 4.0.
Once again, many thanks for everything toat has been achieved. I believe a good start has been made.
Furthermore these initiatives, if they are to be credible, must also have built-in guarantees on monitoring to prevent fraud with this labelling.
Its implementation allows for and promotes the expansion of trade relations, which are scarcely developed at this stage.
It could be much more satisfactory - in particular, a definite reference to protection for employees as a result of restructuring is missing.
Jöns (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, allow me to begin by congratulating Mr Crampton on his report.
Aid to shipyards (A4-153/97)
Training of the staff plays an important role in the implementation of bilingual and multicultural education.
Former vicechairman of the Coimbra District Political Committee of the PSD.
As the tobacco enters duty free, it is not subject to any taxes or duties.
This information can be obtained from collective agreements, employee handbooks and copies of the organization's rules.
We shall hear the five Members who have asked to speak.
Let us not forget that we have the clear
Doctor of social sciences of the University of the Sorbonne (Paris).
A check of this type, which is also carried out in the United Kingdom in order to protect the roads, would, in addition, enable supervision for tax purposes to be exercised by the customs inspectorate while goods are in transit.
The Commission is not intending to initiate moves for an international code of conduct covering all aspects of the productions and sale of chemical products.
In the end, nothing.
Regarding Armenia and the conflict we are familiar with, Karabakh.
Thors (ELDR). - (SV) I am very pleased with the positive response which Mrs Bonino has been able to give.
Certainly there are difficulties, because there is diversity of forests, diversity in the way different countries deal with them, but if the European Union is to comply with the various conventions it has signed - Rio Conference, Helsinki Conference and also the Vth Environmental Action Programme - it is essential not only to implement these regulations, but also, after discussions between the various countries and the European Union, to achieve a common policy to protect our forests.
In reply to questions by Mrs Kjer-Hansen, Mr Bardong, Mr De Luca, Mr Kellett Bowman, Mr Perry, Mr König and Mr Bosch, the following information was provided:
The Commission calls on the parties to enable this to happen smoothly and rapidly.
(ES) Mr President, as a member of Parliament's Commit tee on Fisheries and of the Committee on Budgets, I would firstly like to congratulate the Commission - just as Mrs Fraga has done - on the speed with which these agreements with Mauritius and Senegal have been for warded to Parliament.
Awareness of fraud
Let me emphasize once more, partly in answer to the statements made by Mr Theonas, who evoked that old Marxist spectre of a Jurassic Park in which private monopolies trample everything underfoot, leaving not the tiniest plant for the subscriber, that we really ought to face the facts.
We must prevent individual countries from abusing the work of the ECOMOG, and any military intervention must be properly orchestrated to ensure that the Union's credibüity is not undermined.
It has been pointed out to me that in toe United Kingdom, this demand would no doubt be blown up out of all proportion by one section of toe press as a platform for yet another campaign against Europe.
Posselt (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, the Commissioner was unable to answer Question No 34, but further to that question, I should like to take up the last point he made.
Let us think back to paragraph 62 of the Herman report which cautions us against the illusion of regarding information technology as the solution to all teaching problems.
B4-0124/97 by Mr Carnero González and others, on behalf of toe Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left, on the UN Human Rights Commission and on the abolition of the death penalty; ·
I have just come back from Bosnia with Klaus Kinkel. What did we find?
For one thing, it sets out our fisheries policy priorities.
Debates of the European Parliament
Is any such reform envisaged?
As a Swede, 1 see the long distances between Sweden and the large continental markets as a great disadvantage to competition.
Since then, however, considerable pressure has been exerted by the seed industry for the omission from the Directive of any reference to this practice of neighbourly exchange, which is widespread among farmers in every country, because the seed produc ers suspect it might lose them some business.
Greater attention is to be given to the social, cultural and human aspects of cooperation, including human rights and the role of civil society.
There seemed to be an opinion that the Ombudsman's activities should have a higher profile.
Without a smooth and progressive transition, there is a danger that the move will not be positively received and that farmers will become disillusioned.
Can the Commission ensure that there is a clear link established between the award of export refunds in the beef sector and the price actually passed on to beef producers?
7. politicalconsiderations relating to the seat of the institutions of the EuropeanUnion.
Measures were taken, but they were not implemented.
However, an obligation on behalf of the customs authorities to cooperate in this respect must be included in the Community rules. This could be included in Article 357(1).
IN THE CHAIR: MRS PÉRY Vice-President
We all know how important he has been as an instigator of voluntary service.
0 Former member of the central electoral authority in Austria.
Vice-Chairman of the Senate (1977-1979); formerly Fine Gael spokesman on industry and commerce as well as secretary of the Fine Gael front bench.
This article placed one specific limitation on committees of inquiry, namely that they would not be able to investigate facts which were subjudice.
There is a basic disagreement among a few countries about the Union's powers in cultural matters.
But the proposals put forward by both the Commission and the rapporteur make far too little distinction between the most environmentally harmful and the better classes - from Euro, Euro 0, Euro I to Euro II -providing absolutely no incentive to change to an im proved version.
We were just checking to see who was present in the Chamber at a specific time.
There are estimated to be thousands of such cases across the European Union.
I do not concede that the training of doctors gives them the right to decide what is best for patients.
That is why we are fighting for it so much.
What is it for?
Should disturbances in Parliament threatento obstructthe business of the House,the President shall close or suspendthe sitting for a specific period to restore order.lf he cannot make himself heard, he shall leave the Chair;this shall have the effectof suspending the sitting.
Hatzidakis (PPE). - (EL) Madam President, there is no doubt that crossborder and intenegional cooperation is a very important aspect of the European Union's policies, since it can contribute significantly to European integration and to a real approach between the populations and regions of Europe.
Whitehead (PSE). - Mr President, in the absence of Mr Paisley which is duly noted, may I say that this is an important day for.ParUament and for the institutions we are building.
- Parliament's Legislative Role
A programme on BBC World Television
In particular, what steps have been taken by the European Union to implement the agreements of 10 March 1995 and 27 September 1996 seeking to facilitate the adoption of measures to combat racism and xenophobia within the territory of the European Union?
I hope that this proposal will encourage these countries to finally take these issues seriously and to act accordingly.
The European Union cannot impose its own policies -transport, fiscal harmonization, the agricultural policy itself, fisheries - in a uniform manner that also includes the islands and island groups that experience extremely difficult economic development situations because of their limited agricultural and water resources and the limited availability of skilled labour.
As before, there is still a great need for action.
On the basis of the results of a current study aimed at providing an objective opinion on the cost-benefit aspect of such a regulation, the Commission will take up toe already existing draft for toe Directive concerned and finalise it in the appropriate manner.
The national federations must therefore draw up a blueprint for a sports movement at EU level, since only by overcoming national boundaries will it be possible to achieve a single, unifying agreement.
The expected benefit of the Joint European Project should be explained and it should show clearly that all the project stakeholders have been involved in the definition of the needs.
Conclusions
The first concerns small and medium-sized enterprises which he rightly describes as the backbone of the Euro pean economy.
There is therefore a lot that could be said, some criticisms expressed too, in particular with regard to the position taken in favour of ¿he World Trade Organisation, that is, a world without frontiers abandoned to the appetites of the multinationals.
Indeed, cutting the number of objectives from six to three, with only two of those being regional, and completely reducing the number of zones cunently eligible, seems to me to be difficult in practice, as it is not clear to me how this is to be done.
The European Parliament and the Council now share the power of decision equally in a large number of areas.
For my part, this is the vision which I wish to see prevailing, a vision which is broadly shared by the common position of the Council, and I am naturally delighted at that.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, a tract is currently circulating within Parliament caUing for demonstrations against the congress to be held by my political party, the French National Front, in Strasbourg at toe end of March.
Our debate will and must continue. One positive point, at least, is that sustainable develop ment has emerged as a guiding principle of one of the thematic programmes in the fifth Research Framework Programme.
S Toai packages
At its meeting on 17 and 18 December 1997, the Administrative Council adopted the Office's 1998 budget, which estimates total revenue at ECU 9.2 million (a figure which includes the ECU 3.9 million available surplus from the previous financial year) and balancing expenditure which can be broken down as follows: human resources, ECU 3.1 million; buildings, equipment and administrative expenditure, ECU 1.6 million; operating expenditure, ECU 1.9 million; other expenditure (specifically 'contingency reserve1), ECU 2.6 million.
We cannot keep silent in toe face of such barbarity as human beings, let alone as poUticians.
Specifically, this means that it scmtinizes the management of funds, acts continually to improve the prevention, detection and punishment of fraud, and sees whether the best possible results have been obtained.
The desire of the ACP countries is to continue this partnership.
In this field, as in others, the principle of subsidiarity must not only be raised, but also respected.
For application deadlines and selection results for Tempus projects and Individual Mobility Grants please refer to the relevant chapter on page 8.
Hory me it would be in toe interest of France to maintain and reinforce this bilateral cooperation.
The fact is that, apart from the ringing declarations, there is no movement at all on Europol.
Debates of the European Parliament
Article 177, the obtaining of a preliminary ruling.
Günther (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, if I may I should like to clear up that last point immediately.
We cannot discuss technology: we should urge the Council to take a political decision.
Mr John Tomlinson (chairman); Mr Edward Kellett-Bowman (rapporteur).
This new organization should be based on toe present Joint Aviation Authorities (JAA).
Everything will depend on the use made of them.
That is swift work for the Commission!
However, we also said - at the end - that of course we can only discuss whether we are using these technologies in a socially sensible manner if we have them ourselves, if we develop them ourselves, rather than merely being other people's customers.
The mirage has thus gone but the obstacles remain. Of course, with the exception of certain products such as copper, footwear and some agricultural products, the Japanese customs duties are no longer restricting access to the market.
Patijn. - (NL) I shall pass on the honourable member's concern to the Commission and Council.
However, I must express my concern over one very practical point: the risk that incentives for job creation might well disappear from the original text because of opposition from certain states.
Rothe (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentiemen. We entered the summer break in the hope that the talks under the auspices of the United Nations between Glafcos Clerides and Raouf Denktash would be successful.
I have recently been approached by an Indian business man in my West London constituency who was refused permission to import fashion nightwear from India.
In trade terms, the flows between the two continents increased by 40 % in the last three years, which is spectacular.
So there are two inescapable conclusions.
At a time when technological development is constantly making the alternatives to physical post more attractive, postal services remain inefficient monopolies.
I think I am right in saying that the Union's powers are to be strengthened by the IGC, concerning the fight against organized crime and terrorism, the ability to conduct trade negotiations with our partners, the fight against all forms of discrimination, public health and the defence of consumers. sumers.
We have advanced a smaU step, therefore, but there is a long way to go, and mines have got to be banned.
116;114 77;78 principles..........procedure..........rightto vote.....roll call..........second reading secretshow of hands..sittingand standing..........split....thirdreading....
The Advisory Group has decided to organize a round table on the subject.
This is not the place for subsidiarity, therefore, and this is the purpose of our Amendment No 7.
There are also, of course, good conclusions in Mr Rovsing's report, including point 3 and point 12 which concern environmental requirements and the setting up of a capital market for expanding companies to support 'risk' companies which are involved with new high-technology products. ucts.
■ Delegation to the EU-Poland Joint Parliamentary Committee Chair: Ursula Stenzel (EPP, A)
(The Assembly did not oppose the proposal)
Although the previous Commission was to blame for most of this, the present Commission does not escape the criticisms.
That was because of the unsuccessful outcome of toe work of the International Standards Organization, work which the European Com mission had no chance to influence.
The European Commission will benefit by it.
As this has not yet happened, anyone can take advantage of the exception.
The fact that the experts are changed periodically seems to me a very important point.
They themselves are never there, and they never supervise what that money is used for.
was in the interests of himself and the Community.
The European Agreement is an important part of this and an important step towards membership.
Following these proposals and especially after the approval of the Agenda 2000 project, I, luce many farmers, wonder whether the European Commission really has the will to preserve the one and only genuine integrated Community policy which broadly gives the Euro pean Union legitimacy - I refer to the Common Agricultural Policy.
I believe that this is an issue which must be taken extremely seriously.
I am happy to say that Mr Kellet­Bowman and Mr Tomlinson are members of this Committee and they will certainly see to it that the work continues.
Mr Fantuzzi, I freely acknowledge that your idea whereby the first step should be to equate the setaside premiums with the standard cereal premiums does imply a degree of modulation.
It can only be achieved, then, if the present situation is reformed.
Therefore, it is necessary for the European Commission and the Council of Ministers to take a clear position on questions as important as the work and driving times of professional lorry drivers.
Europe must provide itself with the means to require these countries, in exchange for our partnership, to adhere not only to the aid we give them but also to all the principles of democracy.
Urgent political matters de Silguy (Commission), Seillier, de Silguy, Boogerd-Quaak, de Silguy, Katiforis, de Silguy, Rübig, de Silguy, Arroni, de Silguy, Randzio-Plath, de Silguy, Hautala, de Silguy, Provan, de Silguy, Féret, de Silguy, Scarbonchi, de Silguy, Fayot, de Silguy, Mulder, de Silguy
The way forward for the remaining years of the programme will be discussed in full at the next meeting of the Monitoring Committee scheduled for 30 September 1997, when the recommendations of the Interim Evaluation exercise will be considered in detail.
Papoutsis, Member of the Commission. - (EL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to thank thè Committee on Women's Rights and in particular its rapporteur Mrs LtilUng, for theh excellent work.
I note what the rapporteur says about Amendments Nos 23 and 24 regarding the possibility of putting up a list of products and unit prices.
I would recommend the adoption of this practice throughout the European Union.
Against that background Mrs Miranda has drawn up an excellent report, being aware of these particular circumstances. stances.
We should fight immigration and restore growth within the context of honest competition, against the grain of the current unbridled free-trade policy.
Debates of toe European Parliament
* around 90% of claims are resolved satisfactorily and are largely raised as a result of the inefficient management and operation of the system by Customs
Environmental sciences in relation to energy and transport
We regret that the United States is continuing to isolate the developments in Cuba, instead of encouraging them. As a good Liberal, I believe that democracy is very much facilitated by overseas invest ment, and the blocking of such investment will not encourage the development of Cuba or its political development in this respect.
I am asking a good deal of the House, but I know how keen you are to see the single market fully completed.
The Commission does not have the precise information requested.
Anyway, I am going to make a point that has an international implication, taking my cue from what happened at the recent NATO summit in Madrid, during which it was decided to extend that military organization to bring in Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, to demonstrate that Europe is still lacking a common European security policy.
Among the reforms, there will have to be better use made of modern financing niechanisms, including startup and risk capital.
It will prove a costly business and a drain on revenue resources.
We should look at the implications and avoid rushing into dogmatic condemnation of private sector involvement in social insurance.
Moreover, the agreement foresees that this 300 second limit shall be reviewed within 3 years in order to be lowered to 180 seconds.
The budgetary consolidation, under way, favours what in economic jargon is called 'crowding in' of investment.
In the era of doing less and doing it better we need instruments to help us to be better at doing our work.
Wohlfart, President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentiemen, I would like to add a few words to this debate, a debate marked by - and all the speeches have shown it - a feeling of sadness and frustration in the face of the situation in the region four years after the signing of the Oslo accords.
It is better to think in terms of reforming, correcting and modernizing, with a view to giving rights to those who reaUy need them.
The situation is all the more serious because it makes it difficult to take properly targeted measures.
In particular, can we quantify the consequences of such agreements in the agricultural sector when we know the productivity of the South American agricultural sector, its labour costs and its social and environmental stand ards?
We have, however, to recognize that this is better than nothing.
Please consult the Foundation Web site (http://www.etf.eu.int) to find out about its current status.
Question No 19 by Vassilis Ephremidis (H-0472/97) Subject: Turkish forces' attack on northern haq
Debates of the European Parliament
Even so, the common organization of the market in bananas was ratified in the Marrakech agreement by 116 countries.
Major progress has also been made on the Union's internal security.
Even though the House is not perhaps packed at the moment, I would like it to understand what is being done with its support, with your support, to construct the Europe of citizens.
Debates of the European Parliament
While the European Union emphasizes combined transport, I hope that both combined transport and conventional freight operations wiU be supported by this measure.
The economic aspect is also extremely important.
We cannot endorse this kind of strategy, which may be well-meaning but totally overlooks the real facts.
There is unanimity and a very solid position in many areas and I think that this is something that we will take into account, in particular.
You are aware of this too.
We must check, not only in the automobile industry but in other sectors too, whether there is any point in creating new capacity or whether this would confuse the market and we end up with situations we can then only control by taking countermeasures, i.e., by spending more money, which is of course quite ridiculous.
Every human being has a right to a decent, affordable home; indeed, certain families should be given one free of charge.
In estimating the benefits of preventive measures, many problems are indicated by Member States:
It would be nice if these requests did not have to be repeated, rather like a prayerwheel, every two years!
Finally, I should like to make one comment on behalf of my group, because we would like to see the same determination applied to every country that shows this kind of contempt for workers' rights and indulges in forced labour, which is slavery under another name.
I will examine ways to prevent these measures from reducing the production of high-quality varieties - which is certainly not our objective - and to ensure that this is a last-resort solution for those farmers who cannot join in the objective of improving the quality.
Under these circumstances, controls by the country of destination are permit ted, and harmonization is the only way to achieve freedom of movement.
In denouncing the violence perpetrated in Colombia, we should be making a careful examination of the situation to see if there is any way, difficult though it is, in which we could contribute to the ending of the violence and the restoration of full peace.
My consideration here is the ageing of installations and its consequences, in particular for security.
I was pleased to see that there has been some progress in ensuring that the monitoring of expenditure is an important item.
Many people, especially old people, were confused as to the worth of the new Irish coins and notes at that time and were taken in by unscrupulous dealers.
So when our fishing grounds in Community waters cannot supply the catches required by the capacity of the European fishing fleet, we must look for alternatives in waters of other third countries. It is a social obligation.
In my view, the Commission approach is more broadly-based and more beneficial to consumers, and I would ask the House to consider this in toe light of what I have said.
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by Mr E. Ellen, Executive Director of Commercial Crime Services, Barking, United Kingdom.
Consequently, the citizens of the Community are now calling for increased transparency and information.
In general terms, the line taken by the PPE, the various public utterances of its members, both those who hold government office in the Member States as well as in particular those within the group in this House, have clearly shown that we are in favour of developing the freedom of movement specified in the Schengen Treaty and even more of the need to incorporate Schengen within the institutional framework of the Treaty on European Union and within the Community framework of the internal market - the development of the fourth freedom - the freedom of movement of persons - as laid down in Article 7A.
I have always thought that the interests of Parliament Ue in having a strong Commission and not a Commission loaded down with conditions.
Greece only asks for what it is entitled to. What the Structural Funds provide for the four countries of the Cohesion Fund, in relation to Greece, is distributed unequally and the resources do not match the needs, if proper account is taken of the country's particular features and of those needs.
With small companies, the situation is not the same.
National entities resulting from secessionist divisions would undermine internal security, based as they are on egotistical local interests or even on ethnic prejudices.
There .is no mention here of the cost of safety, decommissioning and the storage of waste.
By the same token, the informal Council meeting held in April, which was a success, only represented, if I may say so, the legal 'setting to music' of decisions already taken at the Dublin European Council in December.
Caudron (PSE). - (FR) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, at the end of this debate I should like to make it clear, on behalf of the French socialists, that we are attached to European construction, we want to see Amsterdam give it a new lease of life, and we hope that all of our efforts will make it possible to stick to the original timetables.
I join with the many other Members who have paid tribute to his work over the last year or so.
A prerequisite for achieving free choice is toat we, as consumer, are given information, which is why I would like to ask the Commissioner about toe marking regulations.
I am quite convinced that the European Parliament will make a precious contribution to the process of developing Community legislation in this matter.
I would have been happy if we had had approval for the Philoxenia programme, and I would have been happy if we had had a legal basis ­ even a legal basis with just one ECU, but all the same a legal basis.
What we need here are practical measures instead of lip service, for people to be able to start enterprises.
But we must not deceive ourselves: we are still a long way from achieving texts that clearly respond to the concerns of the public and the problems of enlargement.
I think this is one of the conditions for allowing Europe to intervene, so that what recently happened with Albania is not repeated, when we were not in a position to react as a European Union, but had to delegate the task of facing that crisis to the Member States.
Professor and Vice-rector of the University of La Laguna (1975-1978) and Professor at Complutense University, Madrid (since 1978).
Clearly we need better provision of finance for small businesses.
The nuclear industry had 40 years to prove that it is clean, safe and cheap and that the waste can be disposed of safely.
But anyone who simply wants to enforce the present system on eastern Europe will make enlargement impossible to pay for.
In global terms, the Commission's priority objectives which, I believe, are largely shared by the European Parliament and the Council, are three in number.
Ladies and gentlemen, as this goes beyond good intentions, I think we should also emphasise the meagreness of budgetary means at our disposal.
• the effectiveness of checks will be ensured by harmonising them at European Union level, thereby eliminating weak links in the European customs chain;
Debates of the European Parliament
Amendment No 3 deals with openness.
In addition to the above­mentioned individual project approach, within the new phase of the Tempus programme, the European Commission wishes to develop a more comprehensive approach towards dissemination, in particular by introducing the following new activities:
Has the Commission analysed the 11 potential Member States' economies in the light of. those criteria and on that basis calculated a timetable for their participation in EMU?
Debates of the European Parliament
It will continue to give the Committee on Petitions all the information it needs in order to process petitions efficiently, and will be happy to comply with the desire expressed by the Committee on Petitions for close cooperation on the 'Citizens of Europe' initiative.
Though dealing with police matters, largely unrelated to customs activities, Europol is the nearest thing the EU has to an EU-wide investigative body.
(The amendment was withdrawn) Amendment No 13:
The storage site is one of the world's largest constructed entirely on the earth's surface.
It was also agreed that claim forms could be designed in English and supporting documents and evidence submitted in English.
President. - The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission on the preparatory work for the meeting of the European Council on 16717 June 1997 in Amsterdam, including the Commission's action plan for the internal market.
Debates of the European Parliament
The mandataire acted under the authority of the Administrative Council and reported in each meeting of that body on actions taken.
Report (A4-0198/97) by Mr McMillan-Scott, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, on the Commission communication on a long-term policy for China-Europe relations (COM(95)0279) - C4-0288/95)
■ long-term interest rates no higher than 2 percentage points above those of the same three countries;
Nevertheless, directly linked to the results of this summit, one event did give us great cause for concern, since in some way it contradicts the bases of this united egalitarian Europe to which I already referred.
Postal services, p. 17
Up until the eighties Zambia received a tremendous amount of development aid just because it was such a pleasant country; so much so toat more than half of the national budget came from development aid.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
A flow of goods on this scale clearly gives rise to substantial amounts of VAT and duty, payable both to the Community and the Member States, either immediately at the port or at the conclusion of a transit procedure beginning at the port.
But combinations of public and private schemes are possible and are being tested in the Member States, including in my own country.
As far as freedom of establishment is concerned, infringement proceedings have been set under way.
Debates of the European Parliament
allocation for the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance, i.e. the FIFG, is ECU 2600 m.
Over the last years, at least 2000 abuses of the transit regime have been noted.
Apart from that issue, if I were giving the Commissioner a mark for her endeavours at the Council meeting I would give her 6 out of 10.
(The Minutes were approved)
The Commission welcomes Amendments Nos 8 and 9. The former will allow the committee set up by this directive to take future amendments to the INF Code into account, and the latter, which requires the operator of a ship to provide the competent authorities with information on the number of crew on board, should help to improve emergency responses to accidents at sea.
Pirker (PPE). - (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to make a statement of principle: the Group of the European People's Party is in favour of discussing human rights, it is in favour of any violation of human rights being pointed out and punished, and in favour of preventive measures being taken wherever possible to stop such things occurring.
Skinner (PSE). - Mr President, I thank Mr Peter for his hard work on this report which we in the committee know has not been without its problems. Nonetheless, he has handled it very well and we are making a lot of progress.
Adjournment of the session
They certainly include the sector of distance working, but, equally certainly, they also include questions of consumer protection, questions of security in payment transactions, copyright and many more.
•Distinction made between possession for personal use and possession with intent to supply.•Fines for possession of cannabis for personal use for first or second offences.
They are proof enough that it is absolutely essential for us to have an advisory group on ethical issues.
It must surely be remiss of us to pass over the importance of countries like Malaysia and Indonesia in today's world.
Nor do I agree with the manner in which she lambasts the functioning of Schengen.
LINSER Franz Entered on 26 April 1996, replacing Mr Karl SCHWEITZER, who resigned on 25 April 1996.
In calculating whether a motion has been adopted or rejected accountshall be taken only of votes cast for and against.
Thirdly, actions to implement the Oslo agreements in full, since, because of their international nature, these agreements are the basis of any peace process in the Middle East.
Mr President, I would like you to take up this matter with the Italian authorities to secure an apology for Mrs Baldi from the appropriate authorities and Mr Di Pietro.
Aelvoet (V). - (NL) Following on from what Mr Bertens said, I think it is important for the European Parliament to send out the right political signal with this first report from the Ombudsman.
President. - Thank you, Mr Gutiérrez Díaz.
Most of the staff took up their duties only from the beginning of 1996.
The interethnic hostilities in Transcaucasia and Kazakhstan are, admittedly, a story that goes back a long way; but closer to home they are the result of a deliberate intent on the part of the Soviet authorities which, by compUcating interethnic relations and stirring up the kind of hostility and violence whose effects we still see today, were deUberately trying to facilitate their control over those living in the remoter regions.
President - Question No 49 by Mark Watts (H-1041/96) Subject: Channel Tunnel safety
by the Council itself. If we look at Parliament's budget and why we ever had the problem about going above 20 % of Category 5 appropriations, we must look at those three places in Europe that have one thing in common -Edinburgh, Maastricht and Amsterdam.
Therefore, much of the debate has already taken place.
Necessary because racism continues to thrive.
That is the problem: four or five times fifteen ministers to deal with.
The following general criteriafor admissibility may be applied:
It is a financial logic - contrary to what has happened in Portugal - to be applied especially in metropolitan areas, where the infrastructure costs are highest, and it is unacceptable for them to be paid for in full by all the
We learn from the Commission document of poor compliance and in some cases the total lack of compliance by Member States, the widespread flouting of legislation which is the cause, as we all know, of all too many accidents.
The con­sultation procedure applies, for example, to the agricultural price review.
You have to have savings behind you, because looking for work in another country means that you will get the lowest rate of benefit for the shortest period of time.
Chairman of the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs.
There is one problem I should mention in connection with telephone services, namely that if it becomes possible in future to make the same quality of telephone call via the Internet at 5 % to 10 % of today's costs, we can forget all of this, because nobody will then use the lines and infrastructure of the old telephone companies; all operators will be using new infrastructures and new services.
The existence of earlier trade mark rights is a significant risk for the successful outcome of any Community trade mark registration procedure.
I also think it would be a good thing if we all committed ourselves to making the TAC and quota issues less dramatic and less exposed to media attention.
It reinforces the view of my group that the Council, when acting as a corporate body, hides behind the members' individual democratic legitimacy and acts together in a secretive and unacceptable way.
United Kingdom k» no evaluation has been made so far k» existence of penalties encourages risk prevention and the improvement of safety and health conditions k» it is planned to revise the amounts of the penalties set in the oldest legislation
The important antidote in this particular case is a pan-European coordinated employment and social policy.
The implementation and application of the Community regime are carried out by an independent Community office with its own legal personality: the Community Plant Variety Office (the Office).
I am not going to pretend that this directive solves that problem but I am glad that it was possible to achieve agreement in the course of the conciliation com mittee that a Commission statement would be added to the minutes of the committee concerning the ninth recital, saying that the Commission stresses that the need to establish the equivalence of diplomas awarded to doctors outside the European Union is one of the relevant prob lems to be tackled.
Management of the transit system
Wohlfart. - (FR) Mr President, I can fully understand that Mrs Mcintosh was not satisfied by my answer.
Monfils (ELDR). -- (FR) Mr President, even if culture is taken into consideration in directives, in the credits of the structural fund, and by the granting of direct aid, this is all rather disparate.
We still remember well several customs people telUng us that the various regulations of the common agricultural poUcy are virtually an invitation to fraudsters.
The Single Currency and the European Parliament
President. - Mrs Thors, there was indeed a mistake in the heading of the amendment, but the vote did take place in accordance with the corresponding text.
If the Council is not ready to make a unanimous decision on taxation, what conclusions can the Commission draw?
The town of Elche, several kilometres away, has 200 000 inhabitants: Several other towns in the province have more than 25 000 and in some cases 50 000 inhabitants.
What it did in Geneva was to comfort the policy defended by the Chinese government to prove that it is possible to develop without democracy.
For instance, one of the larger member companies used about 15 000 vouchers annually until Sweden joined the EU.
7. the tabling and approval of the motion of censure could contribute to a proper demonstration of toe political independence of the European Parliament vis-à-vis the Commission, the national governments and national electoral strategies, and could contribute to the political and public credibUity of this Chamber and its elected members vis-à-vis their electors.
Amendment No 1
However, at the same time I would also like to emphasize how important it is that the European Parliament should state its position on the joint action plan.
Point 9 in toe Caccavale report has a totally different meaning to the proposal on business communication which we will be discussing at some point in'the future.
Apart from the kilting and wound ing of slave workers, the general human rights situation is appalUng.
If, as planned, the Inter-Governmental Conference (IGC) concludes in June, negotiations for membership with the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe could open early in 1998.
As the rapporteur has just done, I want to draw your attention to the report by the Task Force on Educational Multimedia.
With regard to State aid, the Commission's general policy towards aid to promote SMEs has always been positive.
In doing this, he does no service to the good relations between Europe and Transcaucasia.
The Commission must accept the need for people carrying out activities in this area to accept legal responsibility for the conse­quences of any accidents.
SLORC, the State Law and Order Restoration Council, is a brutal mUitary dictatorship which violently seized power in 1988.
It wUl be very difficult to do this, because that confidence is constantly being shaken by technological development and by the pursuit of profit.
Time limit for payment: The first annual fee: The last day of the calender month following the calender month in which the Community right has been granted.
Can you tell us whether Bouterse had Dutch nationality at the time of the murders, and will you ensure that the mysteriously lost file on his nationality is made public?
At the same time, of course, budget appropriations for research and the promotion of renewable energy sources must be increased at least to the level of those for research and the promotion of nuclear energy.
20% of invertebrates and 45 out of Europe's 65 indigenous species of freshwater fish are threatened.
What projects are planned over the next few years?
The discovery of individual genes is to be reinter­preted as a patentable invention, so that licences can be granted for their economic exploitation and economic monopolies can be set up to cash in on them.
However, it was ascertained at a very late stage that the customs stamps used were either forgeries or stolen.
thirdly, the report gives an overview of the way other financial incentives such as subsidies, financial sanctions in enforcement and incentives in insurance schemes are applied.
They have in particular informed each other on all important steps of the procedure.
This will at any rate be true if the programme does not immediately obtain the ECU 100 m it needs in additional funding to meet the increased needs.
It really is an utter scandal, this is a large sum of money which is not being used effectively.
Participation in the research framework programme is currently still quite inadequate.
The dissemination of information on financial incentives is supported by most Member States.
Once our States have set as an aim a broad convergence of their economic policies, they also
Creative accounting, as the President-in-Office of the Council said during our trialogue, is the last thing we want.
Produced by the Publications and Public Events Service of the European Parliament
We are also concerned about the worsening human rights situation, reflected by arbitrary anests of opponents of the regime and lamenta­
The co-decision procedure, in particular, has helped to create a balance of legislative power between the Council and the European Parliament.
In some areas we should be working together with the Japanese, in other areas we need to be competing with them.
The third generation agreements - that with Chile, still in force, dates back to 1990 - put emphasis on political support to the processes of démocratisation, stability and regional integration.
') Agenda for next stting: see Minutes.
In the case of medical practice, it is vital to have a throughout knowledge of the patients' language - or else they, especially the poorest or least welloff - would be unable to make their situation understood.
But they made some comments to me on behalf of the Guinean Government, which I was able to incorporate in the report.
On the basis of these encouraging results, the Commission recommends, as your Chamber advocates, two priorities for conducting economic policy in 1997: employment, of course, structural reforms of the employment market, and public and private, physical, intangible and human invest ment, which are still insufficient.
* a wide view is taken, the scope is limited by the availability of data » medical costs included, compensation payments excluded as money value for grief/suffering is included
If you look at Chapter H, you will see that the opposite is true: the remit of the Court of Justice is being reduced.
For my part, I must do my best to ensure that speaking time is respected by all.
The Algerian Government has aheady taken a number of important steps in that direction.
For the moment I will repeat what I said earlier, namely that I think the United Kingdom too will undoubtedly be convinced of the need for this Observatory and will cooperate to find a satisfactory solution.
I should like to remind him, on the other hand, that unemployment can be created by decree and that is what we, in the Socialist Group, want to avoid.
In this regard, I seek here your support for our Amendment No 7 which calls on govern ments and the forces of law and order to show a common understanding and respect for human rights and to remain within the rule of law in the common fight against terrorism.
The rapporteur, Mr Tomlinson, worries about excessive reliance on monies obtained from the European taxpayer.
This process of evaluation of policy will take place over the coming weeks and months in the appropriate fora of the European Union's Council of Ministers, such as the Council regional working group, the Council working group of human rights, the Political Committee and so forth.
Firsdy, the importance of women to small and medium­sized busi­nesses, and the need for measures to encourage female entrepreneurs and assisting spouses.
President. - The Minutes of Friday 19 September 1997 have been distributed.
Debates of the European Parliament
Taking into account these elements, on 30 April 1997 the Commission was able to adopt a preliminary draft budget fully in line with the objectives stated in January.
But, once again, the levels of difference between the Commission and Italy are extremely small.
This should nevertheless happen with out running the risk of jeopardizing social security.
Mr Vanunu has been in solitary confinement in a smaU cell for more than ten years because of the alleged security risk that he is said to represent ten years after the event.
I do not share the opinion of the Council representative that everything went wrong last year.
♦ exchange losses;
Not only that, but paragraph 23 explicitly refers to the involvement and specific participation of the private sector: the public are to be the proposers of the activities, the interpreters of the regulations and hence, clearly, the beneficiaries of the activities.
York in June 1997 to review Agenda 21 and related outcomes of the United Nations Conference on Envi­ronment and Development held in Rio de Janeiro in June 1992 (COM(96)0569 ­ C4­0656V96)
President. - The debate is closed. .
Une Community trade /nark mac/ be obtained for a sign wnicn is e/iner applied f or directly at the
Gradin, Member of the Commission. - (SV) Mr President, violence against women is a major social problem.
But jobs will be much more in peril unless we succeed through crossborder takeovers in creating world size companies which will enable us to compete with the Americans, Japanese and others.
But what counts is the encouragement of the overall message much more than a few dozen points.
The framework is principally desirable in terms of the internal market. From the environmental viewpoint, it is not a problem if we do not lay down a framework of this kind.
Skinner (PSE). - Mr President, I wish to begin by congratulating Mr Menrad on his splendid report.
The problem is a simple but significant one, as it prevents the kind of immediate personal contact which proves time and again to be the only effective means of making international cooperation work.
If herbivores had been fed in a natural way, i.e. on the basis of grazing and vegetables alone, this crisis would never have come about.
The agreement provides us with greater reassurance about the continued suspension of Title 3, which it is assumed will remain in force during the whole term of office of President Clinton, which is spelled out in the agreement.
Truscott (PSE). - Madam President, I too wish to congratulate Mr Spencer on his report.
Liikanen. ­ (FI) Mr President, we have a project on this very subject which is just now being launched.
President. - The debate is closed.
It is not the work of the plenary to turn itself into a drafting committee consisting of 626 Members.
The preceding sections of this report have made it clear that the transit system is defective in many respects.
The English edition contains the original texts of the interventions in English and an English translation, provided by freelance translators, of those made in other languages.
Clearly we need a solution to Chernobyl.
Chairman of the Committee on Economic Affairs.
Such a glossary would perhaps remove a lot of the confusion about what precisely is meant by the particular terms we use.
Mr Adam has pointed out that we may have to decide between technology development projects on the one hand and scientific research projects on the other.
Although I would be called in a 'townie' in Britain, and despite the fact that I represent a mainly urban constituency, I have good reason to support forestry's future.
Former head of the office of the State Secretary for Universities.
Chairman of the Infrastructure Committee of the Pays de la Loire region.
Consequently, under the legal arrangement in question, DOs are the only party empowered to handle the business of a principal not represented by an agent.
But this right is then withdrawn because it will be up to each EU institution to determine which documents shall be available and to whom.
This plant had the most flexible workforce one could contemplate in this sector and it is very difficult to understand the decision to close it down.
You, Mr President of the CouncU, mentioned the consideration of initiatives to achieve voting by qualified majority in the CouncU.
To prevent further impediments a common defini­tion of the general interest is also needed.
This decision is now before the European Parliament for its assent.
Question No 93 by Robert Evans (H­0013/97)
What steps will the Commission take to assist in finding a lasting peace?
a) No demand for payment following offences committed by third parties
I would add straight away that the reductions in the defence budget are a welcome development made possible by the ending of the Cold War.
The first is for Algerian women to play an important political role in the future.
We have debated these matters at some length in commit tee, with experts and NGOs, and I am also pleased to say that both the Irish presidency and now the Dutch presidency have taken the opportunity of working with us to organize specialist conferences.
Nevertheless, we must develop an overall strategy that takes account of every one's reservations.
We want a positive outcome to the Amsterdam Summit.
Mention tourism and they leave their brains to broil on the beach. Speak about Europe's biggest industry and our decision-makers become indecisive.
Patijn. - (NL) I agree with Mr Andersson's analysis, which draws a clear distinction between supply and demand. I think there is a large measure of consensus and
Unless one or the other of these is done to avoid having to impose new sanctions by national parliaments in case of need, I very much fear that we will find ourselves in financial difficulties.
He is one of those who argues that sovereignty in a democracy rests in its parliament. I am one of those who believes that sovereignty resides in the hands of the people.
It is a modern country with a culture of democracy and respect for minorities. In this regard, Mr President, I have the honour of presenting this report to Parliament in the hope that it may be approved.
The Council fears that the market wUl be disrupted if the branch offices of securities firms can offer better cover than a securities firm licensed in toe country where the securities are bought.
The working atmosphere in the Committee on Fisheries is good, and allowed us to reach a workable consensus on the Crampton report.
One of the features of this proposal is that it relates not only to services provided electronically and at a distance but also to consumer interactivity.
Pinheiro, Member of the Commission. - For two years, since July 1996, the European Commission has chaired the Helsinki Commission, the executive organ of the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea. In this involvement, the European Commission is always guided by the principles of the highest degree of environmental protection possible for the Baltic Sea region.
0 Member of the Hesse SPD Land Executive Committee; member of the South Hesse SPD District Executive Committee; member of the Federal Executive Committee of the Association of Social-Democratic Women.
worst and others calling upon them to resist by force of arms, while others again are accusing foreigners of plan ning to massacre the African population.
However, it is the only way of defining limits. Why is the European Union's strategy so good as a whole?
During their discussions Parliament has always placed emphasis on the social aspects, public utilisation, the environmental impact and on determining those projects which are in the public interest and under Parliament's influence.
Citizens take their right to petition seriously.
I would like to put a question before I end, Mr President.
The latter, in particular, is an element that will certainly be the source of a great deal of work for the courts and lawyers because we know just how different the concept of ordre public and morality can be, depending on the time and the place.
I think this way of dealing with two reports on different issues led to the confusion created with the reading of the report by Mr Cohn-Bendit, because the countries of former Yugoslavia are covered by a special situation, the
In this matter, our Community chose not to choose. The decision under consideration by us specifies only that the Council undertakes to re-examine, on the basis of a proposal from the Commission and within a reasonable period, once the dispute-settlement procedures provided for have been in operation long enough, whether it is in the Community's interest to opt for a dispute-settlement procedure other than arbitration.
However, there has to be a serious question mark over whether the scale of sanctions envisaged under national law is sufficient to act as a real deterrent against non-compliance.
') Approval of the Minutes: See Minutes.
It has been reported (Aftonbladet, 18.4.97) that the Commission wishes to prevent this too in its forthcoming proposal for a directive.
After swine fever and BSE, consumers want more than ever to be informed about what they are eating.
While we are all aware of how many cases of cancer are caused by tobacco - the Commission itself has stated that around half a million people die annually because of tobacco - we continue to discuss the amount of subsidy to pay to the tobacco growing sector.
All of this ought to be analyzed together because we are not just talking about bananas here.
• January 1973: the Europe of the Six became the Europe of the Nine with the accession of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom.
The Commissioner said that the Forum had recognised the key role of cohesion policy as a basic component of the European model of society.
Monetary policy is the sole responsibility of the European System of Central Banks.
The pursuit of profit and the logic of economics have prevailed, to the detriment of consumer health, because the main political actors - the British Government, the Commission and the Council -wished it to be that way.
Indeed, would the Commission agree that the basis for the draft directive is dubious, since it is questionable whether a harmonized guarantees regime would help with consumer redress in cross-border cases, given such barriers as language and legal procedure?
For applications under the transitional regime: 30 September 1995.
No-one ever listened to these warnings which were foil of common sense and realism.
Specifically, it would run counter to Article 5 of that model which refers to application of the 'permanent establishment' concept.
But could you please do something about the temperature?
Do we understand that this means that there are still a large number of people who are completely left behind?
As a Dutchwoman living in Germany, I know that I am treated differently from a German woman under the German Foreigners Act.
Dangers of ionizing radiation rules.
EUROPEAN UNION
I think we will have to be creative in order to maximize the negotiating position of the European Parliament and pressure by the European Parliament on decision-making during the Luxembourg summit at the end of November.
Eligible expenses
So economic activity today is to have a purpose and reason, if it is to be capable of being utilized, it must have a connection with and be relevant to culture.
Finally, as regards the financing questions, the EU took a leading role in securing confirmation of the Rio targets.
0 Member of Lund Council.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
This is an area of great suspicion, not only in my own province of Northern Ireland but in the United Kingdom as a whole. That must be resolved.
I am very familiar with the construction sector -I used to build houses before becoming an MEP - and I know that it is a depressed sector, a poorly supported one: the EIB does not yet fund building projects, the rules are still too complicated, and firms both large and small have difficulty in moving around Europe.
The effects on traffic planning, regional planning, housing policy and social policy are very grave, as are the effects on our European structural funds.
Where vigilance is actually needed, obviously, is where certain messages offend good taste and cross the boundary to pornography.
This is something that must end, as must other, related, activities.
The solution lies not only in the forum for European cooperation but close to those who suffer from the pollution and noise nuisance caused by congestion of ah space.
All the proposed amendments which alter the effective dates in the draft Council decision can be accepted without reservation.
I am firmly convinced that the Committee on Transport and Tourism
Regrettably one thing is missing, and we put down an amendment about it in committee.
The Member States are also required to admit Union citizens to their territory and to recognize their right to leave it 'on simple presentation of an identity card or a valid passport'.
The particular significance of such a decision has not escaped the vast majority of the Member States' customs authorities, which not only flatly reject the idea of a unified customs service, but also take the view that such a service could not fight fraud effectively, setting aside the practical problems which the establishment of the European customs service would pose, problems quite rightly referred to in paragraph 14.4.1.5. of the report: 'At the practical level, the creation of a single service would cause severe organizational upheaval, require the creation of new infrastructures and give rise to reams of new legislation'.
Well, the Committee on Budgets met yesterday
That however, does not make it unimportant.
We would like to see a more open market for bananas on the world market.
Cambridge, United Kingdom Visit to DUS trials of the NIAB in Cambridge and at the Royal National Rose Society in St Albans.
This paved the way for real institutional power in 1993, when the Maastricht Treaty on European Union included drugs for the first time in an EU agreement.
0 Chairman of the PP in Melilla.
Our debate is therefore the dual outcome of the Council's work and the dossiers you have voted for.
Mobility is an everyday need, and people do not always act in accordance with what politicians think should be the priorities, but take what they think is the most favourable and best option for getting where they want to go.
The report makes a clear, thorough and critical analysis of the functioning and future of Schengen.
The European Union should look again at its relations both with Peru in this case and also with other countries in Latin America and examine how it should apply pressure to prevent a recunence.
I believe that what is needed, above all else, is a clear out of certain 'physical cultures' that prevail not only in individual Member States and at local level but also in some major sections of the Commission itself.
Holm (V). - (SV) Mr President, as many speakers have already said, as far as the European Parliament is concerned, we should be pleased that developments have gone in the right direction.
They are ato interested in the potential savings on insurance and guarantee cosL· that a larger group such as the "Club" can achieve
This is a compromise, and it will enable us to restore peace to the troubled waters of the Bay of Biscay.
At the time we were having the various debates on geneticallymodified organisms, industrialists were repeat edly assuring us that they were quite capable of keeping tight control over their spread.
Topical and urgent debate (objections) Giansily, Fabre-Aubrespy
However, these activities were not such as to bring about any radical improvement in the way the children are kept or the treatment they receive, and their living conditions give cause for concern.
It is the challenge that the achievement of EMU is now calling on us to take up.
In this context, can the Commission say: what the legal effect of this provision adopted after toe deadline set in the Directive is?
However, the way in which the system works needs to be drastically improved.
Would the Commission please comment on the concerns of UK local authorities and partners that failure to spend on Rechar projects by July 1997 could not only result in the loss of funds for the 1994-96 period, but also jeopardize the Rechar allocations for 1997-99?
Green Group in the European Parliament Group of the European Radical Alliance Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations Nonattached Members
Ahern (V). - Mr President as we tabled this resolution to the committee oral question, we want to make it clear in the title that it is the G7 proposal for the Khmelnitsky 2 and Rovno 4 nuclear power reactors in Ukraine.
As I have tried to stress, the overriding issue is safety, and not only the safety of the drivers of the lorries and coaches but of the people carried in those coaches and of all other road users.
Seventh - and this is the final question - how can we find this economic and political grail, while guaranteeing democratic control over decisions, in particular giving the European Parliament the role it deserves?
Amendment No 7 seems to us superfluous given that the Commission's proposal provides for a period of 5 years, and the objective of Amendment No 6 aheady
I voted in favour of this text.
I believe that these schools, through their multi-ethnicity, have a long-term impact which an event like the pop festival - which I also support - cannot hope to have.
This does not make sense. I have no objection to a military force, even in Europe.
Debates of the European Parliament
Le Gallou region has the highest rate of summonses relating t'o traffic offences and drugs use in the country.
As for paternalism, I should be very cautious about what it actually is.
Through those two reports, the European Parliament is seeking to tackle in a specific and not just an abstract way the crucial and fundamental issue of European citizenship: citizenship founded on the awareness of all European citizens that they belong to a community in which sovereignty resides not with the modern despots - that is the bureaucrats - but with the law, a legislative process in which citizens themselves participate with their own representatives in the national parliaments and the European Parliament.
This is the subject of the report that we shall be voting on today.
Be fore the new methodology became available numerous means had been developed, such as continual enrichment monitoring, which in EURATOM's view and on the basis of its experience, seem less reliable, are relatively expensive to put into effect, and are less transparent in terms of calibration.
Giving workers a real stake in theh companies can only be a positive development both for them and for theh firms.
It introduces an element of flexibUity indicating that attainment of toe majority proportion objectives can be overridden by technical constraints or economic imperatives.
As regards Amendment No 5 to the Lindholm report.
Giving job-seekers practical help for entering the workplace via better information and guidance.
President. - Question No 10 by Mr Arthur Newens (H-0392/97)
While I accept that one could broaden the focus, I think the way he drilled it down in his first draft is the way it ought to stay because the greatest problem inside this Union is unemployment.
Furthermore, the Commission, in accordance with its medium-term social action plan for 1995-97, is preparing a Green Paper on the problems of illegal working. This Green Paper should pave the way for broad discussions on the action to be taken by the Union, the purpose of which would be to eliminate any practice detrimental to the well-being of workers or obstructing the proper function ing of the labour market.
(B4-0468/97) by Mr Cars and others, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on the abolition of the death penalty;
This patent covers not only the cells in question, but also any therapeutic use to which they may be put.
Anastassopoulos (PPE). - (EL) Mr President, we all know that interpreting the Rules of Procedure is always an issue that stimulates great debate.
Based on a collective dynamic, on peer review and peer pressure - group discipline if you like - and if we act at Member State and Union level on four major issues.
This report is a step in the right direction.
Debates of the European Parliament
Until a short time ago, this report still bore the title 'Interim Report', and I wish to emphasize that point quite explicitly and deliberately.
This directive therefore fills a legal gap and is essential not only to protect the environment and consumers, but also to guarantee free trade in Europe.
Now that peace has come it is important that constitutional rule and democracy should be consolidated.
The parliamentary committees generally meet for two weeks a month, in Brussels, for ease of contact with the Commission and Council.
If it proves necessary to reject the agreement and introduce a Euro pean ban on imports of skins, that will damage the European fur industry and, especially, the indigenous peoples in Canada who earn their living as traders in skins.
I understand toe criticism from, the President-in-Office of Council of the international tribunal in Arusha.
President. - If Parliament has no objection, I will put the rapporteur's oral amendment to paragraph 17 to a vote.
Time will tell whether the commitment is to save the dolphin or to serve interests linked to other sectors in competition with spädare fish­ing.
The main objective for us social democrats is to fight against the devastating unemployment affecting millions of people, many of them young.
On the other hand, where there was disagreement was the fact of knowing how to transfer the 1 billion ECU which, following the decision to adapt 1996, had already been re-budgeted to 1998.
He complained to the Inquisition.
Crowley (UPE). - Mr President, I would like first of all to congratulate you on your wonderful statement with regard to the celebration of International Women's Day.
Health monitoring
The regulation imposed by the Federal German Government is a blatant violation of human rights and must not be allowed to set a new example in Europe!
It is wise and worth thinking about.
Diplomat in Moscow and Washington (19741982).
You say the system did not work, and I am asking you to explain why you think it did not work.
That is considered necessary because when the directive was adopted some developing countries did not apply for exemption in respect of a number of their aeroplanes and also because the number of Chapter 2 aeroplanes that are more than 25 years old has increased.
If those people come in and if we are to realise the benefits of the enlarged membership through trade and economic growth, then we have to have some thing resembling a little Marshall Plan to help them to get off the ground so that all of us can reap the benefits of the wider Union.
I mentioned in my answer that we had already ensured that it would be appUed, and I also consider it important that we continue to build on that. I think it may be appropriate to look at the matter in a broader context and, in the light of the brief debate we have had here, we will consider how we can tackle it on a somewhat broader basis than dealing with it solely as an environmental issue.
Approval of the minutes
Such a body could also provide wider consultative services on national legal systems.
If you stop this transport aid, you will destroy an important part of Swedish regional policy.
That is true.
This brings me to my fourth point.
Goerens (ELDR). - (FR) Mr President, recent events in Cambodia once again cast doubt on the ability of that country to pursue the process of democratization and reconstruction.
Debates of the European Parliament
Secondly, Mr Moorhouse should consider his position and withdraw the allegations right now, because those of us who share the concern feel equally attacked.
What is Netanyahu achieving with this harmful policy? First, he is weakening President Arafat; secondly, he is frustrating the Palestinians and encouraging the terrorists; and lastly he is encouraging the Israeli extremists, who are currently committing regrettable and provocative actions such as those of Ras al Aloud.
The chairman, Mr Pex has said so.
In fact, the text we have before us is just a pitiful cover for some of the inconsistencies and weak nesses in the Maastricht Treaty.
That kind of synergy could be achieved using the cohesion fund.
One of these, worth € 2E million, deals with regional socioeconomic development.
Nicholson bombs or weapons for shooting and killing: the threat of tenorism creates fear and instability in our communities and gives rise to total insecurity in those communities.
'That is most certainly also an area which must be researched, not just into replacement materials, but also replacement equipment and installations.
These periods may be extended by legislation for a further five years in relation to specific genera or species.
However, that is why it is so important - and I am finishing, Mr President - firstly that we in ParUament do not release ourselves from the obligation, having achieved this common ground, to now also take things forward together; and, secondly, that we do not release the Com mission from its special duty of care, on toe basis of paragraph 7 of the joint motion for a resolution.
Thank you, Mrs Peijs, for your explanations, thanks to all of you and also thanks to the conciliation procedure which has enabled this positive decision to be taken today.
I hope that changes take place in the Community not only for observing experiences but also for inspiring - but not imposing - certain measures.
We must stop Old Europe being converted into a decrepit and regressive Europe and that is the role of the European ParUament.
The duties of temporary committees and temporarycommittees of inquiry shall be defined when they are set up1;they shall not beentitled to deliver opinions to other committees.
Tax exemptions should be replaced by the application of a zero tax rate.
The inquiries resulted in 82 findings of no maladministration.
Membership of the EU, participation in the PFF and association with the WEU will give those countries which have remained outside military alliances greater experience of participating ih a cooperation with mutual obligations. tions.
This communication will not be limited to drawing general conclusions, but will explain - objective by objective -the difficulties which have been encountered and the lessons learned.
Fishing is one of the powers which will be devolved to a Scottish Parliament.
I would like to know under what Rule Mrs Green spoke and was caUed to speak.
We in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy felt that as the directly elected representatives of the people, we simply had to state our position on such important issues as security and defence.
There were also a few isolated attempts to cast doubt on the key elements of our Community system.
(EP working papers: environment, public health and consumer
The appropriations carried over related, for the most part, to contracts for the purchase of equipment and the hiring of outside computer staff which were still outstanding at the end of the year.
It has taken a long time; that is true.
They will apply to all those Norwegian salmon exporters who do not sign the agreement.
Concerns of this nature are also being aroused, however, by the planned extension of majority decisionmaking and the suggestion from the presidency, in its conclusions on the second Dublin summit, that the legal framework for the introduction of the euro should be based on Article 235 of the EC Treaty.
Something like 70 % of that is paid in individual premia.
They must be informed of these rights before they make astatement to the committee.
Question
I do not myself believe that there will be any special problem in dealing with payments during this year.
The responsibility now lies with the Heads of State and Government.
Should we, for heaven's sake, be allowing human beings to die simply because they are poor and because the only logic that seems to drive mankind today is the logic of profit?
We have to have some limitations on the forces of the market. Otherwise we will never have cohesion in the European Union.
Production and marketing of honey
Or, as it says in a letter from MSF, another lobby organisation in favour of patenting: The aim of the Patent Directive is to promote 'the continued growth of the biotechnological industry'. There is no mention of the care of seriously ill patients!
Debates of the European Parliament
This is demonstrated by toe number of amendments that have been tabled.
At a relatively uncontroversial level, the creation of an EU RILO (Regional Intelligence Liaison Office) would provide a pool of intelligence information for customs services.
Bonino, Member of the Commission. - (IT) Mr President ladies and gentlemen, we are indeed having a day brimful of debate, proposals and initiatives on financial services.
Experience with the Directive hitherto has shown some weaknesses.
But the conference did contribute to identifying issues which need further and urgent attention.
The Commission cannot support this amendment because it would delete the option with the higher level of protection and would do so without any imperative reason that relates to the operation of the internal market.
In response to the complaint lodged by the Confederation of National Tanners' Associations the Commission has opened an inquiry in order to determine whether or not the Japanese leather industry has derived benefit from operating a scheme which contravenes World Trade Organization rules and thus excludes all exports by the EU leather industry.
Morocco and Colombia remain the main providers of cannabis derivatives for the EU markets, the first of resin (hashish), the second of herbal cannabis (marijuana).
Serious reform is not a luxury that institutions indulge in to boost their own importance.
Mrs Schaffner is also quite right to regard this as significant progress and application of this ruling in the Member States has already begun.
We agree with his conclusions, by the terms of which the discharge to be given to toe Commission in respect of toe clearance of toe 1992 EAGGF accounts will be postponed and made subject to certain conditions.
Debates of the European ParUament
The question facing us is: do we want to hold back our knowledge, to destroy it in a sense?
There is no reason why the use of timber should not be encouraged, particularly through a coherent quality policy, while at the same time, forests should become an even more valuable resource as a means of recreation for our citizens and because of their environmental value.
There are other issues, but colleagues will be dealing with them, so I shall not dwell on them.
Within the scope of the White Paper on renewable sources, we will include all the proposals heard today during this morning's debate, as well as all those that emerged during the civil dialogue still in progress today at European level on the basis of the Green Paper on renewable energy sources.
QUARTERLY TREND IN 1998
Adam (PSE). - Mr President, the Socialist Group warmly welcomes the communication from the Commission on the emerging economies and the need for closer cooperation in the research and development area, and very much welcomes the report by Mr Pompidou.
The European Parliament's Directorate-General for Information and Public Relations has produced this brochure for you.
Out of consideration for the democratic legitimacy of some of its Institutions, the European Union cannot renounce its Community policies.
07.03.1946 Cooperative consultant/cultural geographer Sweden
I must inform Members that there is a corrigendum to toe German version of this report and that Amendments Nos 1 and 28 do not relate to all the language versions, but an appropriate Unguistic solution wUl be found with those involved in due course.
You tell us, Mr Santer, that it could not be known at the time how dangerous this BSE disease was.
Does anybody wish to speak in favour of Mr Santini's motion?
Graefe zu Baringdorf (V). - (DE) Mr President, I am giving this explanation of vote not on behalf of the group, but for myself personally.
Secondly, if these solutions are to be effective, they will also have to address the subject of sanctions.
The UN conference is, however, in danger of grinding to a halt over other issues.
Thors (ELDR), in writing. - (SV) The undersigned voted against Mrs Flemming's amendment no.
That is the direction - already mapped out by Parliament - which the Intergovernmental Conference has to take.
3.developing more innovative methods of datacollection, analysis and forecasting to betteridentify, monitor and understand changing patternsof drug use.
The resolution which we are proposing highlights the confusion which arises from this decision and insists on the vital difference between simplification and consolidation - and clarity as a natural corollary of both of these principles, which are criteria of good legislative practice vis-à-vis the legal nature of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality.
The document that was drawn up for the Intergovernmental Conference also refers to the benefit of the people, but only on the title page.
Former Member of the Assembly of the Western European Union.
As sessments are carried out at present, of course, but their effectiveness is very questionable.
Honorary President of Greater Manchester Coalition against Racism.
And every young person under 25 will be in a similar situation of training, education, or work experience within six months.
In these circumstances, I feel that European citizens and companies should be able to benefit in the future from a telecommunications service with access conditions...
It seems to me that defining a fiche d'impact purely in business terms is extremely dangerous and totally irresponsible.
Concerning the specific case of the genetically modified maize, this product was notified by Ciba Geigy (now renamed as Novartis) under Dhective 90/220/EEC on the deliberate release into the envhonment of genetically modified organisms.
The first, is that we should follow and improve the scheme that the Commission has already put before us, a scheme that covers both the major issues and their respective parts.
Appeared as a witness in the Committee of Inquiry for the Comité Européen des Assurances: 4 November 1996
It is good business right now. What is written is written and I take full responsibility and. should like to say that I am very honoured to be defending those who work in the fields and grow crops, defending the environment and helping to discover varieties of tobacco that are less harmful to the health, and improving quality.
In the last five years, in the European Union, there have been 302 cases of death caused by the 'old form' of this disease in the United Kingdom alone, as against a Community average of 30-50 cases.
Debates of the European Parliament
Differing subsidies and means of finance are also national or regional issues.
In the face of known proposals, it only makes sense to demand that we enshrine strengthened cooperation so that it cannot lead to an à la carte Europe and so that it guarantees institutional political unity, equality between the Member States and economic and social cohesion.
Total budget in thousands of euro
They were accused at the time of wanting to be a small and exclusive club.
Closing of the session, p. 25
The Community Plant Variety Office
Parliament's information offices in the Member States (see list on page 28) will be pleased to give you any further information you require about your Parliament in Europe.
While EURATOM continues to believe that from a technical standpoint it would make much more sense to apply its own system of measurement, a compromise was established, one which allows the IAEA if necessary to carry out measurements of the fuel at the reactor site.
0 General Secretary and Chairman of the PSOE, Albacete.
In this report there are calls for Member States to coordinate their policies better, as well as calls for the Commission to develop a new ICT policy.
I now want to ask you two questions. Taking advantage of your presence here today, I would like to hear from your own lips your view of the situation in Italy and your opinion of Italy's chances of meeting the criteria.
We must not forget that Albania was the country that received a great deal of finance, and look at its situation
VOLUME OF TRANSLATION WORK IN PAGES
Soon the loopholes also become obvious. Of course this cannot be allowed to continue.
Student of economics and political science.
The fact that four of our reports, and there were very nearly five, can be dealt with together in a debate on a Tuesday morning is quite an achievement.
Once the ships reach international waters, the tobacco boxes are taken off in high speed boats, and reintroduced to the EU via the Atlantic shores.
General provisions
National Tempus Office (in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia)
The Commission furthermore will continue to study all possible risks associated with drinking- water pipes containing asbestos as part of their ongoing work programme on asbestos.
Perhaps the President-in-Office behind me and the Vice-President, Mrs Fontaine, in front will forgive me if I address myself to you personally, Mr President.
As such, it is a kind of suggestion or request to you, Mr Commissioner, to delay looking at these new chemicals until the treaty has entered into force, even if it appears, as I understood you, that there will be a certain period of overlap.
Mann, Thomas (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, the principle of equal pay for work of equal value, as between men and women, exists only on paper. Reality is something very different.
I think the invitation is indirectly addressed to the Commission, or at any rate that it should be understood as being so, so that the conference on peace, democracy and sustainable development in two years' time will become a convincing objective if work goes ahead in the meantime on this ambitious long­term programme of reconstruction, which needs to have this regional slant as a political concept.
Svensson (GUE/NGL). - (SV) Madam President the draft resolution welcomes the Colombian government's peace initiative.
BA (Hons.) in Politics and French, Loughborough University.
Thus labelling must be universally compulsory, that alone will do.
This is not only regrettable but this approach also risks being dangerous unless the marshall Plan for the countries of central and eastern Europe, as you called it, Mr Santer, for all candidates without distinction, does not soothe the differences resulting from the unwise choice to select only six countries.
■ a 'fourth resource' calculated on the basis of the relative prosperity of each Member State (their gross national product).
President. - As Mr Pirker is not present, Question No 18 (H-0165/97) faUs.
the divisions in the social fabric which may result from unwarranted exclusion from opportunities of one section of the community, although often these concerns were mixed with the recognition of other practical benefits would also result.
Many had felt that achieving a unanimous decision on the choice of seat would be a long, drawn-out affair.
After all, it controls Kashmir.
When you hear about cases like this or when I saw for myself the deviation of the River Acheloos in Greece, then you realise that it is vital to take the measures which are being proposed by Mr Collins in his report in order to prevent attacks on our natural areas such as the one which is being proposed in my country - and it pains me to have to tell you this.
Santer negotiations have not yet been opened, this objective assessment will enable the Commission to recommend, at the right time, the opening of the accession process.
The scope of certain types of modern fraud forces us to consider additional measures.
POPULATION DENSITY
I welcome toe plans outlined by President Santer, and we look forward to seeing them implemented.
We have set up instruments for economic coordination.
But, that said, I think we can safely say that the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman together really focus on the most vital areas of the Union's work.
Such a system would other wise be counterproductive and would undermine toe joint efforts of the European Parliament and toe Commission to restore consumer confidence in the cattle and beef markets. kets.
I am sure that if you carefully read the documents presented today by the Commission will convince you of the seriousness and objectivity of our work.
Cohesion policy and culture
If it doesn't, let me mention another point, point 9 where it says that the 'Commission will be asked to recommend adaptation of those goals and actions affected, particularly in Regulation 1610/89, to the real needs of supporting the management and use of forests'.
I therefore wholeheartedly support the Committee of Inquiry's recommendation No. 16 which requires the prompt ratification of the convention to
We condemn unreservedly the brutal scourge of terrorism which the Algerian people are suffering, and support the people and the country of Algeria.
The bilateral partnership agreements between the EU and these three Transcaucasian republics are based on this need.
Towards sustainability, p. 176 -17.
These measures were intended to take account of toe need to bring Finnish prices into line with Community prices from the very first day of membership and, at the same time, to improve the structural situation of this sector in Finland.
Howitt (PSE). - Mr President, in welcoming this report and in congratulating Mrs Marinucci in toe presentation that she had made, I should like to address specifically the points about toe need to protect consumer rights within forthcoming legislation on toe financial services.
Graduate in economic and political science (Athens) and postgraduate studies in Montpelier and Paris.
Whatever may be said, we must not forget that the Lomé Convention is the most advanced model of cooperation and development.
However, the Commission cannot agree with the state ment mentioned in the resolution that Ethiopia is a 'dictatorship of a minority mUitary ethnic group'.
The assent procedure: Parliament's assent is now needed for decisions on the accession of new Member States, association agreements with third countries, the conclusion of international agreements, a uniform procedure for elections to the European Parliament, the right of residence for Union citizens, the organization and goals of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Funds and the tasks and powers of the European Central Bank.
At the request of the temporary committee of inquiry Parliament shall hold a debateon the report at the part-session following its submission.
Amendment 16 does not meet with the approval of the Commission, which is not convinced in this case of the need for a transition period.
In the interests of preparing for and facilitating work at Parliament's plenary sessions, Members are divided up into 20 standing committees, each of which specializes in a particular field:
32.A. Are these compatible with systems in other Member States?
However, fishing operators can prove the existence of an economic link with the flag State either by landing a proportion of catches in the ports of the flag State, or by operating with a proportion of crew normally resident ashore in the flag State or by other relevant means of their choice.
We ought to also send out a very clear message that much has been done in Mostar.
This, of course, means providing trappers with better training.
It is a report that attempts to deal with the problem sincerely, from the standpoint of European citizens and European cultivators.
0 Civic education
So the biggest income loss will be bome by the markets that have not been reformed since 1992 rather than by those, such as cereals market, that have been reformed.
It fills a gap in the cunent regulations control ling the export of waste in the European Union. But many
And when Mr Rothley says it is a matter of protecting products made by human hand, we cannot fail to observe that what is to be made patentable today has indeed been produced by human hand.
One issue not covered by toe Commission document is that of toe political dimension of humanitarian aid.
What action does the Commission intend to take to protect the European public against agreements be tween airlines which infringe IATA safety rules and EU competition rules, as in the case of the agreement between Sabena and Virgin?
The role of national parliaments and of the European Parliament are, and must be, complementary.
I think Parliament must act firmly and call for the deletion of article 223, but I do not think this issue is cunently on the table for the Intergovernmental Conference.
Former visiting professor at New York City University.
Question No 85*by Lone Dybkjær (H-1053/96) Subject: Environmental considerations and public procurement
Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan and, to a lesser extent, Georgia and Armenia are heavüy influenced by the presence of the Caspian Sea and, particularly, the exploitation and transportation of oil.
President. - So as you present it, this is both simple and complicated.
It would undoubtedly provide a useful strategic service, even if it would address neither the data protection difficulties mentioned above nor the more immediate operational intelligence needs of customs services.
Last week's Europe-wide strike is a real gesture of awareness by the workforce in favour of social Europe.
The assembly regularly carries out study and fact-finding missions to investigate, for example, the situation of between peoples.
Adjournment of the session
In the recitals, we have pointed out the elements always regarded as essential by the European Parliament for promoting the European audiovisual industry: fostering production by means of a Community mechanism, that could be the guarantee fund, and boosting independent producers in particular.
Everywhere I go, in every country, I see McDonald's, Burger King, Coca Cola, even outside Europe.
Madam President, I would never venture to criticize your handling of these proceedings, but I would like to make one comment.
Report on a delegation from the Budgetary Control Committee to Rotterdam on 11 and 12 April 1996
Finally, the delegation heard a plea from the representative of the association of port operators in Naples that customs procedures be harmonised throughout the EU, as there was a widespread feeling that Italian customs were stricter than their counterparts elsewhere in the Union.
We have recently had some very bad experiences with the Council over important cultural programmes, and this is why I would urge that we should not launch this pro gramme until we have an adequate budget, so as to ensure that all the young people for whom it is intended are given the chance to take part, rather than just the small group who know how to gain access to it.
Our first point is that this is not good for the consumer, and our second point, which would be conceded by anyone who studies these systems and was also mentioned by Mr van Velzen, is that authorizing one country to operate a different system to the other 14 countries would distort competition in a way that we ought not to condone.
It has, however, done so.
PROJECT CYCLE AND MONITORING
George Katiforis on the cost-effectiveness of the European Union's customs system (English only)
A period in which joint security was the prime consideration can only be succeeded by a period of the closest collaboration in all fields, where no one party can exercise
They pro­duce meat, they produce leather, they will produce pro­teins and they will produce medicines to save humans.
Debates of the European Parliament
What I want to say in conclusion is that I am delighted to learn today that the Council of Europe is going to make this chamber available on Easter Monday to enable the people in Strasbourg who want to protest about the activities of the Front national a forum to express their tolerance and their rejection of the evil politics of the people over there.
It has to be made quite clear: any policy aimed at dismantling the European social model would replace the unemployed with poor people.
Ladies and gentlemen, only cooperation between the European Union and its Member States around an efficient development aid policy can enable the ACP countries to integrate progressively into the world economy.
Having adopted the budget, Parliament monitors the proper use of public funds through its Committee on Budgetary Control.
However, because there were an insufficient number of ratifications, the 1977 Convention never entered into force.
First essential point, deadlines.
That is absolutely wrong.
Although the competence lies with the Member States, I hope that the Commission can and will rap the fingers of those countries which are disregarding the rules.
We cannot stand by and do nothing whilst assassinations are committed on a daily basis in a country with which we have deep historic, cultural and friendship links.
The impact of communications, as we well know, is constantly being reduced,
We think it is so patchy that we decided to table a few amendments, especially on the economic utilization side to stress that the forestry sector must have a natural and sustainable development and to ensure that there would be no common market organisation similar to a common agriculture regulation for wood.
Only these two components of quaüty assurance can ultimately restore consumer confidence.
Yet nothing happened.
Perry (PPE). -1 appreciate the Commissioner's response.
Those are the only ways to reverse the dangerous trend towards isolationism, individualism and consumerism, which are destroying us and discrediting us.
The main way to ensure that the individual participants in the stock market act along the same lines is through harmonization and not through voluntary codes of conduct.
- secondly, if it is clearly stated that the WEU shall give the Union access to an operational capacity, in the context of these missions and elsewhere (Article J7, paragraph 1).
I now turn to some specific points on the budget.
The Customs Administration also announced that it would, until further notice, also require the Association's vouchers to be endorsed with a stamp worded to the effect that the vouchers were not valid for any goods listed in Annex 2 to Article 44 of the transit convention.
Another important point is carrier selection and carrier preselection.
EN and FR into Fl texts relating to education, vocational training, employment and social affairs texts relating to finance and public accounting
In this case there is the possible excuse that the programme was originally technical in nature and had to quickly deal with a wide range of matters at various levels in society without the criteria being really clear.
Meanwhile, the Commission will also have discussions on these issues within the group of Commission Members who work on consumer health matters.
Mr Santer, I do not know if you are a father or grandfather ­ and I hope that you are ­ but I would ask you to consider, leaving aside purely commercial considerations, what kind of planet we are bequeathing to our children.
Maybe the Com missioner would be kind enough to comment with regard to that particular case.
This brochure is produced by the Publications and Public Events Service of the European Parliament.
It actively encourages reprocessing at Sellafield and La Hague and increases plutonium production.
But the most striking feature about Italy is that it continues to show extremely deep-rooted regional disparities.
Neither of the programmes covering the Moray area mention any such assistance for the construction of suitable flood prevention infrastructures.
In fact, the technology of satellite monitoring is far less esoteric than official witnesses seem to believe.
But that is no reason for us to go on pushing the ECU 3 000 m along in front of us like a mountain.
Though it is always dangerous to talk in terms of "culture", the Committee of Inquiry has observed an indisputable difference of approach from one customs service to the next.
This brings us to an area which it is difficult to talk about in public, because it involves other types of measures.
Requests the Contracting Parties to the TIR Convention, 1975 to notify the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UN/ECE) by 1 June 1995, whether they accept the present resolution;
I would also like to dwell a few moments on the funding.
3000 cases outstanding for value of DM 1 billion (Ecu 516m) relating to 1992-1994 period.21
0 Mayor of Hamm (1964-1979).
Eisma (ELDR). - (NL) Mr President, I should like to insist that we must be particularly circumspect concerning subjects such as new food products in Europe.
We are also in favour of Member States, on their own initiative, or through the Union introducing pilot projects for housing, employment, health care, and social services etc. in accordance with the proposal in the report.
Grosch (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, on behalf of the PPE Group I should also like to congratulate the rapporteur for her report and to express my thanks for the constructive cooperation that marked the deliberations in committee, where we were able to add what we regard as essential points, which are now included in the report.
Dangerous preparations
Applicants for Community protection are required to produce a copy of the relevant documents to the Community Plant Variety Office.
VAT is primarily Member State income, but of course a small proportion is payable to the European Community.
Clearly, this debate is very closely bound up with Eu rope's chosen model of society.
Santer, President of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this morning the Commission adopted these reports on employment, along with proposals on guidelines for Member States' employment poli cies.
No, you cannot check everything.
I should like to stress that Finland, for example, does not wish to be politically neutral.
I have only just had a chance to look at the text of the resolution on alleged human rights abuses in Ethiopia.
It is also right that the group should be strengthened.
They do not therefore consider liabilities exceeding guarantee cover as a fraud or even as an irregularity.
But you are right about one thing: racism and xenophobia do not flourish only on the right-hand margin of society.
The Commission should, within toe framework of its programmes, provide technical assistance for toe reform
As we know, there are some 400,000,000 crossborder credit transfers in the European Union annually, and 50 % of individual transfers amount to less than ECU 2,500.
Member of the Committee on Foreign Trade Statistics.
There have been numerous delays - and the situation has attracted comment again this afternoon.
The fact remains, though, that freedom of movement is being massively restricted here, and also that the only peace partner there is, Arafat and the PLO, is being divorced from the support of its own population.
Answer
Question No 18 by Katerina Daskalaki (H-0422/97) Subject: Turkish invasion of Iraq
We cannot go on adding burdens of this kind on the small enterprises which are the great creators of jobs.
This is a European matter.
One of the key issues here is to ensure the widest possible access to conespondence between the Commission and the Member States.
Debates of the European Parliament
Recently, these two companies, together with Iberia (for its promotional flights), simultaneously increased their fares by 20 %.
This did not happen, meaning that all the substances currently without MRLs would, in fact have to be banned from the Community unless legal action was taken.
But those who use the Net, and the service providers, are easier to identify and far easier to identify than is the case with the present-day media.
Work teams were being formed with the authority to make semi-autonomous decisions about the production process, the organisation of time and the allocation of duties within the team.
NaturaUy, it is of the utmost importance to inform and consult Parliament about the reinstatement of the generalised tariff preferences.
Legislative power
Such are the profits potentially involved in transit fraud that it is worth establishing a company in order to carry out a single transit fraud.
With the single market and the application of the Treaty of Maastricht, the integrationist logic of the con-
Price (excluding VAT) in Luxembourg: Annual subscription 1996/97: ECU 240.
We are talking about a number equivalent to the population of Brussels, so it is a dramatic situation.
The so-called communitization of elements of the third pillar is a pig in a poke, because the introduction of the qualified majority principle is not coupled with codecision powers for the European Parliament and competence for the European Court of Justice.
It is short but its brevity belies its significance.
Agreement was finally reached to include the right to apply to the European Ombudsman, alongside the right to petition the European Parliament, in the part of Treaty establishing citizenship of the Union.
The application procedures have to be simplified. And here, Commissioner, we are fully and entirely in agree ment with our Italian colleagues.
Think, on the other hand, too of the progress in medical science and medicines, the develop ments in information technology, robotics, telematics and multimedia.
* UCR automatically cancelled and "Club" member advised if DA Τ message not received within validity period of UCR
Preventive project monitoring: on specific request and by means of written communications, the Commission provides on an on­going basis, guidance on the interpretation of underlying contractual rules as well as advice regarding project activities and planning on a case to case basis.
And how would that fit in with the French Constitution.
I hope that the Council of Environment Ministers, which after all is made up of individual Environment Ministers who find a great deal to say at home about preventive environmental protection and about how important it is for us to protect the climate and how important it is to pursue environmentally com patible agriculture and about how important sustainable, environmentally compatible development is for industry will, when Parliament has taken its decision tomonow in favour of the environment, also recognize Parliament's
This occurs if an institution fails to do something it should have done, if it does it in the wrong way or if it does something that ought not to be done.
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by the Swiss authorities.
development of cooperation among the states of the Baltic region.
Therefore, Mr President, and with this I conclude, I think this recommendation - albeit late, but better late than never - has arrived at the right moment and I hope ministers will read it before the Amsterdam Summit.
However, it is necessary to dedicate more attention and energy to eradicate this problem and to achieve more judicial and police cooperation at the EU level.
Jové Peres (GUE/NGL). - (ES) Madam President, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Medina, the committee chairman, Mr Böge, and all those colleagues with whom I had the
Renewable energies must be promoted by detailed measures in order to disseminate European technology throughout the world - we should' stress this - and to restore the health of the climate.
Oddy little longer than the one proposed by toe Commission: at any rate, we are moving in the same direction.
Mr Kok knows very well that quarrels about EMU are a real obstacle to the reform of the Treaty, while further political integration is needed before there can be monetary integration.
(Parliament accepted the tabling of the oral amendment)
Regional president of the PP for Extremadura.
I must draw a distinction here, because your first question related to the agreements on telecommunications technology. This involves making it
I can only encourage the Dutch presidency to use this example to make it clear that a breakthrough must, after all, be achieved in Amsterdam, so that we are not worse off than we were before, with governments defending positions which mature reflection would show are against their own interests, as in the case of negotiations in the WTO round.
Meantime Europe stood still whilst Latin America was rapidly changing.
Debates of the European Parliament
What can Parliament decide on this issue, which relates to human health and demonstrates the extent of the aberrations that can be produced by an economic system which puts profit above all other considerations?
First reading - committee stage
Subject: EUR-1 for cargoes
There are atrocities on both side all the time and the civUian population is being squeezed.
It is intolerable for Italian fishermen and European Union fishermen in general to know they cannot fish with the spädare while the Japanese, Korean or Maghreb fleets continue to do so on their doorstep, with more space and more advantages than before.
ANALYSIS (V) - CUSTOMS CONTROL OF TRANSIT
Representatives of SGS had explained to the Chairman and the rapporteur the nature of the system they had devised at an informal meeting held in March in Brussels.
I would also ask that the Minutes should show that I have not used up all my allotted time.
Why should we be in such a rush at this stage to become involved in a directive which is going to be obsolete anyway in six or nine months?
If there is one means of opposing extremism, one means of opposing radical fundamentalism, one means of opposing tendencies towards isolation and dictatorship, then that means is the safeguarding of human rights, and the positive development of human rights, and this seems to us, particularly in Tunisia, to be possible, achievable and very necessary.
ANALYSIS (I) - OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSIT SYSTEM TODAY
The European citizen and consumer wiU not discover the Euro at the bank, but rather in the shops, the supermarkets, the travel agencies, the restaurants, and wherever there is a businessman, an office worker, a cashier able to explain the way the single cunency works.
There can be no doubt whatsoever about the European Union's condemnation in view of the statements which have been made.
Wednesday:
Gonzalez- Alvarez (GUE/NGL).·- (ES) Madam President, Commissioner, we have no choice but to repeat ourselves because we agree with the Collins report.
We agree on the need to develop the MEDA programme in a positive way and to aim at debt cancellation, linked to compliance with the principles of the declaration, with a view to promoting sustainable development and to achieving that aim by means of renewable energy sources and energy savings.
That is the context. We are not saying that the plant cannot be given aid but this kind of ongoing running aid is not acceptable because it was not acceptable in the past.
The regulations governing the Structural Funds and the parts of the accession protocols, for the three new Member States, relating to cohesion will continue to apply until the end of 1999.
In particular, there are delays in receiving return-copies of AADs; and fraud and diversion are increasing, partly because of the ease of falsifying evidence of receipt. Such frauds cause significant losses to Member States' excise revenues.
In principle, such routes make it easier to carry out monitoring on the ground.
As the biggest donor the Union must encourage all other countries to intensify their efforts. The contribution of the US in particular is too modest.
I want to ask Commissioner Papoutsis, who I guess is responding on behalf of the Commission, to answer a series of specific questions, and I hope he answers them very clearly.
It also .takes account of other neighbouring countries, which will be affected environmentally and in terms of security of supply.
We do take account of the comer shops of this world, which -1 would point out to my British coUeagues in particular - are to be given a six-year conversion period.
The European Parliament has, in several urgent resolutions, adopted a position that these large dams projects including those in India, China and Malaysia risk damaging valuable environments and contributing to the disappearance of the native people's culture and way of life.
We are talking here about macrofinancial assistance, which is standby assistance that is to be used to settle debts which these countries have entered into in order to meet the criteria set by the IMF.
The city of Moscow has no alternative to the Island of Hope. That is why we ask that this organization be left alone to continue its work.
Not only in drawing up ambitious objectives, but also with regard to their implementation. mentation.
JOINT
Report (A4-0171/97) by Mrs Read, on behalf of the European Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee, on interconnection in telecommunications with regard to ensuring universal service and inter operability through application of the principles of open network provision (ONP) (C4-0185/97-95/0207(COD))
Order of business President. - We now come to the order of business.
He said so in a friendly tone, but he has shown considerable concern on behalf of the Commission, and I wish to express considerable preoccupation in the European Parliament on behalf of the ten million citizens who voted for the parties belonging to our group - and we are a small group.
The Commission's Agenda 2000 runs a similar risk, if the will to integrate the environment into other policies is not translated into measures, with timetables and penalties for transgressors.
I think that the problems we are discussing today are middle class problems, which is a fairly typical occurrence in the current political climate.
At present only Member States receive support under the Interreg II C programme, and this could mean that the third countries are not sufficiently motivated to play their part in this cooperation.
From the budgetary point of view I think that the main ideas should be as follows: national budgetary policies will continue to be a fundamental instrument, but the deficits should not be assessed on an annual basis, but on the basis of a global cycle.
On the basis of the analysis and the conclusions contained within this report, the Committee of Inquiry formulated the recommendations that follow.
Now there are 20 000.
Austria
Material resources also play an important role in determining the ability of customs to carry out an effective number of physical checks.
Now, currently, we know where the matter stands.
Altogether, the operation involved 150,000 animals (mainly cows, bulls and sheep) and 6,000 tons of meat.
This week Boeing has estimated that with this increase in numbers, there will be one major accident per week in 2010.
From research we know that innovation is especially to be found among these young, new companies.
Recommendation 5:
0 Land law
The promotion of democratic dialogue to contribute to the resolution by political means of political, ethnic, national, social and ecological conflicts, and to prevent these conflicts becoming an alibi for terrorism and obtaining a certain condonation within sections of the population.
And don't be surprised, ladies and gentlemen, if the European consumer continues to prefer the American original to the pale European imitation.
This is particularly true for matters of Justice and Home Affairs.
I should like to concentrate on three aspects: the question of animal welfare, the institutional question of the decision within the European Com munity and relations with the World Trade Organization -WTO.
The availability of and access to information and communications technology are of particular importance from the point of view of regional equality.
Other open points concern the information submitted on the biopharmaceutical characteristics and on the validation of some methodologies used in the production process of GONAL- F".
The Commission is reviewing the provisions of the Treaty of accession which allow Austria, Sweden and Finland to keep their higher standards.
Key Points
A very brief word on the 'polluter pays' principle.
I must say, however, that it is not so easy to implement because we come up against the principle of subsidiarity, and states tend to defend this jealously.
The single currency and the European Parliament
I am of course fully aware of the problems that arise, and especially of the need to prevent certain partners from continuing to undertake unilateral initiatives, Canada in particular, and I should like to reassure Mr Varela that action is being taken, through diplomatic letters and all other available means, to try to prevent or at any rate put a stop to this kind of behaviour, which is not acceptable either to Parliament or to the Commission.
The only solution left, it seems, is to compound the mistake by levying VAT in the country of origin, which would call for compensation funds with macroeconomic criteria based on GDP.
European arms policy has both a strategic and an operational dimension because it is an essential part of the common foreign and security policy and also the common defence policy called for in the Maastricht Treaty, and it is therefore an urgent necessity.
Clearly, therefore, this city must possess a special moral authority within the international community.
Newens behalf of Mexican citizens?
(B4-0686/97) by Mr Telkämper and Mrs McKenna, on behalf of the V Group, on integration of the respect for human rights and humanitarian law into the peace negotiations between the Government of the Republic of the Philippines and the National Democratic Front of the Philippines;
McCarthy should be additional funds, in reality they often fill a vacuum.
It must grant the time for them.
It must therefore be concluded that the decision in question does not apply at present.
Since Maastricht, unemployment has soared throughout the EU.
Each member State must have a free choice in the status of its operators, the field of the monopoly, the definition of a general interest mission and management criteria in favour of employment and training.
Debates of the European Parliament
Firstly, on the allocation of competences, because many of the aspects assigned by the convention and the agreement are the responsibility of the Community, because of the Treaties, and therefore powers must be granted to the countries which make up the European Union, and by establishing a ratification instrument the Community's participation will finally be strengthened and the problem resolved.
2) Application of procedure without report: see Minutes.
However, let me also point out that I see a hint of politics in this historical overview, especially in the description of the Russian puppet Shevardnadze, who I believe is always painted in too good a light.
I would like to summarize the rules that the ordinary citizen - such as myself - can follow if he or she wants to make a complaint to the Commission.
It is, however, necessary continually to deepen the cooperation between us, a concept which the European Parliament brings us by definition with its European Ombudsman, working in parallel every day towards a common goal.
In fact, apart from certain exceptions, the proposals again take up the provisions on prices and the organization of markets in line with the stability policy applied the day after the 1992 reform.
President. - The next item is the report (A4-0035/97) by Mr Kenneth Collins, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, PubUc Health and Consumer Protection, on the proposal for a CouncU Regulation (EC) amending Council Regulation EEC No. 2377/90 laying down a Community procedure for the establishment of maximum residue limits of veterinary medicinal products in food stuffs of animal origin (COM(96)0584 - C4-0683/96-96/0279/(CNS)).
The European Parliament can put questions to the Council or make recommendations to it.
The commitment of the Chinese Government to do that is unique and we should observe and watch it with care, with interest, and with concern that it meets the commitments that have been made. There is a
They have clearly brought with them useful projects, new types of cooperation and targeted planning.
In some cases, these contracts run until the years 2014 and 2020 but the work has never been put out to tender.
The Union shall define and implement a common foreign and security policy covering all areas of foreign and security policy, the objectives of which shall be: - to safeguard the common values, fundamental interests, indepen dence and integrity of the Union in conformity with the principles of the United Nations Charter; - to strengthen the security of the Union in all ways; - to preserve peace and strengthen international security, in accor dance with the principles of the United Nations Charter, as well as the principles of the Helsinki Final Act and the objectives of the Paris Charter, including those on external borders; - to promote international cooperation; - to develop and consolidate democracy and the rule of law, and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Parliament helps to draft, amend and adopt European laws and budget, and makes policy proposals.
Ford (PSE). - Mr President, Mrs Angelini made com ments on what I said on Monday.
I would also mention the members of the Committee on Development and Cooperation here in this Parliament who have assisted with great skill and efficiency in drawing up this report.
Nevertheless, it is possible to begin to address the issues arising on a partial basis.
David (PSE). - Mr President, I am pleased that good progress appears to be being made.
The rapporteur has simply pointed out that a number of obstacles have been removed here.
This system has been gradually deteriorating since 1980.
However, the Association has in fact recorded that the authorities do not ensure that the sufficient number of documents are used.
EU cooperation must be buUt on co operation between independent states not through supranational government by a federal Parliament.
It is in fact the responsibility of each state, nationally, to take clear steps to safeguard and further develop a system of social protection which guarantees everyone health insurance, unemployment benefit and a pension, but also a system that wUl promote and support the family.
An identical point was made by FENEX in Contribution no. 13 - PE 216.395
Although it is now several years old, it would be a mistake to consign this report to our historical archives, since we are still working on the development of a number of the main themes it covers, and it is now our aim to put these into practice.
I believe, therefore, that we have an absolute duty to make the Commission seriously aware of toe fact that now, finally, we want to see actions, not words.
If the Council will not do this my Group, using the criteria of the Committee on Budgets, wUl again seek to have 100 müüon ECU set aside for research prior to the 1998 budget.
A written declaration that has stoodin the register for over two months and hasnot been signedby at least one half of the component Members of Parliament shall lapse.
J al ermo or JIthens, and enjoys a very temperate climate all yea/· round.
We are not governed by the law of the jungle here.
The shipbuilding sector has declined by 82.5 %. The question is: is it possible for Europe's shipbuilding industry to compete with that of the Far East under conditions of competition at the level of workforce remuneration and with full deregulation of the market?
But' above all, the Treaty still does not make the European Union capable of enlargement. We need further institutional reform before the next accession.
The programme has helped to show students whether they are in the right job, has given companies the rst pick of promising new employees, and has revolutionised the role of teachers by familiarising them with the practical aspects of working life.
What you have said, in fact, is that we, really should ignore all the amendments and support the Sturdy report. At least that way we would get a budgetaryneutral position.
I would point out to the House that yesterday, in the House of Commons, the new British Foreign Secretary, Mr Cook, had this to say: 'It is our wish and intention to introduce a new electoral system based on lists and proportional representation for the next European elections.'.
MA in Industrial Relations (University of Warwick).
- exerting a great deal more pressure here, in order to make Europe's stance in Kosovo really clear.
Deputy in the Cortes (1982-1985).
Commissioner Bonino is known for not mincing her words.
I do of course see that that is one way of preventing immigration by recruiting crews lo­cally, by landing fish locally, or by setting up joint­venture businesses.
The exchange of opinions, the considerations and discussions, which have accompanied the tedious process of getting this programme accepted, have been extremely fruitful, and have led to definite improvements in the instruments used for health monitoring in the Community.
Debates of the European Parliament
I beUeve the European Union and the Israeli government, too, have a duty to take action on behalf of this person.
But with only 27 veterinary inspectors - and I cannot clone them, because that is forbidden - we cannot do much more.
Legislative powers The power of the purse Powers of democratic supervision • Parliament and the Commission • Parliament and the Council • Parliament and the European Council • Parliament and the common foreign and security policy • Parliament and cooperation on justice and home affairs Relations with developing countries A political driving force
My second observation is rather more of a query directed at the Commission as to how far we can view this as a reasonable precedent in cooperation in the field of public health.
The proposals on extending the codecision procedure are imprecise.
Democracy is not limited to an election every five years.
And at the same time, the European Commission is authorizing toe import of geneticaUy­modified corn; perhaps tomorrow hormon­eproduced beef, under pressure from the Americans.
As we have seen, peace and stability in the zone are still a long way from being achieved, and the recent acts of terrorism are simply a manifestation of injustice, and an obstacle in the way of pacification.
On the Committee on Environment we have together formulated a number of additional criteria which strongly emphasize the action programme's aim of strengthening the influence of citizens through clearer focussing on integration in education.
The first Decree will specify the procedures for the registration of the foreigners in
Pursuant to Directive 95/29/EC (l), the duration of transport may not exceed eight hours, after which a 24-hour rest must be provided.
Language lecturer.
I think we all felt ashamed that the European Union failed to assert its presence in the conflict in the Balkans, and that it took the United States to restore peace and push
Eriksson and Svensson (GUE/NGL), in writing. - (SV) We have voted in favour of the Whitehead report as we are very anxious to improve consumer protection in toe Union.
The committee responsible shall decide what procedure is to be adopted.
Most of the feUing carried out by the major timber companies in Canada continues to be on the basis of clear-felling. This practice frequently involves infringement of the land rights of Indian
But not all European countries adopt exacdy the same approach.
That caused indignation among many Members.
Now that the stability pact has been ratified in Amsterdam, it is up to each Member State to reduce its domestic expenditure and to stop regarding the Community budget as something for a rainy day which, at the end of the financial year, enables them - thanks to the return of unused funds - to carry out last minute adjustments in which European credits are a positive variable for finance ministers in difficulties.
I would just like a few more moments in order to look at the problem of the weighting of votes. I have noted in the proposals that the sum total of the points for big countries is larger than that of small countries.
But we shall have to decide on an efficient policy which also enables us to intervene effec­tively in situations where smaller undertakings in particu­lar are at risk, and not through an over-complicated procedure which removes the advantages of the block exemptions.
Votes shall be recorded in the minutes of proceedings of the sitting by political groupinthe alphabeticaorderl of Members'names.
If this proposal goes through, I do not believe that there would be the same interest in developing quality.
We know that the death rate from alcoholism is the highest in Europe and that alcohol is the most dangerous drug for European citizens, particu larly when people drink and drive, endangering their own and other people's lives.
♦ identification of needs (demand) and availability of existing outputs in priority areas (supply);
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
However as far as we are concerned, there is no question of a motion of censure: it is easy to condemn with hindsight.
Instead the support would be given a social focus by allocating money for landscape management and for environmentally friendly production.
Girão Pereira (UPE). - (PT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Parliament has already, on many occasions, condemned the violation of human rights in Indonesia and, in particular, the situation in East Timor, and yet Indonesia has failed to alter its conduct, in clear disregard for the resolutions passed by the United Nations or the feelings of the international community.
The Commission President is to be given a stronger position and his appointment is to be subject to Parliament's approval.
Unfortunately, Ireland and the Netherlands have done nothing, and so we are now putting our faith in Luxembourg, which is itself a wine-producing country.
this way we are going to go over the precipice and the proposals which we would like to put forward are the foUowing: first of all, an urgent reduction in working hours, because to do the opposite will not create jobs for everyone; secondly, we must maintain the welfare state because that is the only way, with increases in employ ment, that we can maintain pensions and offer appropriate conditionsTor health, social services, etc; thirdly, we must fuUy incorporate women into the labour market, and respect all of their rights.
By the same token, figures provided in this report have already indicated that all Member States (bar one) have substantially cut the size of national customs services.
And it was a challenge that we were happy to deal with on the way to Amsterdam.
The report should have added a demand that lobbyists should inform Parliament, by means of a public register, of all operational assistance and gifts which they give to Members and officials of Parliament.
We shall now proceed to the vote.
Member of Lyons Urban Community Council.
President. - As they deal with similar subjects, Questions Nos 62 and 63 will be answered together.
0 Chairman of the European Parliament's Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy.
ANNEX ll
This discharge also applied to the President of the Administrative Council, who had acted as President of the CPVO during the first six months of 1996;
It is certainly true to say that because of the extent of European Community law, it is now difficult to make decisions using an approach based solely on international law. A new approach based on European law is required.
The main characteristics of this technology are that it uses a combination of GPS, mobile communications, and DOS.
In general terms, it must not happen that the practice of a nonconventional medical discipline is prevented in a Member State because the profession does not exist in that country.
That is not a fault of the parliamentary secretariat; unfortunately it is my mistake.
Member of the National Assembly for Haute Garonne (1988-1994).
The Council and the Commission have asked to speak through their representatives.
On the other hand, because we are dealing here with a budget line for population policies and demography, we also wish to see the decision of the Cairo Conference being implemented.
Even worse to my mind has been the slighting reference to the work of the officials who prepare employment statistics.
That is because the principle of subsidiarity is applied to overcome the hurdle of opposition within the Council in giving its agreement to previous proposals.
However, there is already a series of Court of Justice decisions according to which, when there is a violation of Community legislation by a Member State, it is possible to ask a national court to make that Member State pay appropriate compensation.
This is why my group is unable to support the amendments which Mrs Baldi has once again submitted after they failed to be adopted by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.
Orders are invoiced by the office to which they are sent.
When we speak of all this registration, Mr Fischler, we must not, of course, confuse registration with toe fight against BSE.
This is a process that can only make gradual progress.
Wynn (PSE). - Mr President, concerning the voting list and the contentious paragraph 4c of the IGC debate, in our group I argued vigorously that we should be voting for this.
Admittedly, setting up the logistics in abattoirs for this tagging is not insignificant, but 100 % subsidies are almost immoral.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should now Uke to focus on the specific lessons that I have drawn from this affair, and set out some proposals which, I hope, wiU correspond to your recommendations for the future.
Head of the Commission delegation in Japan (1983-1986).
But I still believe that we must send out a tough message otherwise nothing will change.
Member of the Spanish Refugee Aid Commission.
It thus also helps to achieve the emission limits agreed on at the Rio Environmental Summit.
We, as European parliamentarians, should help Europe develop stable and consensus-based legislation and it is my belief that, after all these years of discussing the topic, the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights has produced a bal­anced text which takes into account not only the future development of the biotechnology industry in Europe but also the ethical dimension deriving from it.
The adoption of the amended proposal would secure satisfactory implementation of the programmed expenditure.
Kinnock, Neil, Member of the Commission. - Mr President, not in terms of quality but in terms of temperament, what a great relief it is to be able to speak to this House quite early in the morning, instead of at midnight.
In its communication of 1996, the Commission cleariy recognized the difficulties that arise when this instrument is applied on a Europewide basis.
Schierhuber (PPE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, agriculture is without doubt in the process of changing direction.
Sitting of Thursday, 13 March 1997
In fact, Syria would be seriously interested in re-opening negotiations with Israel.
Lindqvist (ELDR), Eriksson (GUE/NGL), Seppänen (GUE/NGL), Sjöstedt (GUE/NGL), Gahrton (V), Holm (V), Schörling (V), Bonde (IEDN), Lis Jensen (IEDN), Krarup (I-EDN) and Sandbæk (IEDN), in writing. - (DA) We cannot support this report for several reasons.
They were independent in 1917, then absorbed into the Soviet Union, and now they are independent again.
What is the guarantee for?
No wonder Europeans are now caUing for compensation for the damage wreaked by toe UK's incompetence.
Ephremidis (GUE/NGL). ­ (EL) Mr President, we can give our assent to this report by Mr Martin for a number ■ of reasons, but chiefly because it introduces the new descriptive term 'ultra­peripherality' for the extremely remote regions and calls for additional new measures over and above the support provided through the ordinary regional policy and, even, through the special programmes of additional measures.
McNally (PSE). - Mr President, I was present.
— evaluation of measures with respect to productivity and competitiveness;
What is more, the application of Article K9 would have fallen far short of the resolution of ail the problems encountered in this domain, particularly with respect to the powers of the European Parliament.
The current legislation for the transit system requires that if a customs office of departure has not received a returned copy 5 within 10 weeks, it shall initiate an inquiry
But we can sort that out.
Contents
I would like to make reference to two particular points.
The Commission is often criticized for being slow to pay and having lengthy payment times and this is often in fact the case.
Debates of the European Parliament
(Parliament adopted the decision)
In matters of consumer protection, we as a Parliament are right behind toe Commission!
It has done a most thorough job, so no one can accuse it of proceeding hastily and without due care.
Here we could achieve 35 %.
06.04.1947 Member of the European Parliament Netherlands WD MEP: 19.07.1994 ELDR
At last, thanks to Mr Santini, we have arrived not at a half-way position, but at a moderate one.
They just die off. And not only in urban areas, but mainly in rural ones as well.
It is clear that the arrival of the euro will change the situation and lead to a new balance of international financial and monetary relations.
Debates of the European Parliament
No candidate has, at present, fully satisfied the economic conditions.
We are now approaching the year 2002, and it is incom­prehensible that Parliament is not to make any more extensive contributions to the codecision process.
Recommendation 20:
Recently there has been an election in Albania.
Grossetête tête in the various phases of the decision process: monitoring, evaluation and harmonization.
The conclusions of the WTO panel were firmly on the side of the countries which appealed against the current COM in bananas.
The committee reaUy needed some scientific instruments to help it to come to toe right conclusions - perhaps a retrospectoscope, because that is what it has used by trying to look back and not recognize that this was a new disease and a new situation that had arisen.
The link between a drop in European production and beneficial effects on public health is not a true one: the drop in production benefits only the cigarette multinationals which would dominate the world market.
This week we have had to decide how we distribute talent amongst the Members.
It is very interesting to have this report, Mr Sakellariou, on the eve of the second Euro­Mediterranean Conference which will take place in La Valetta in April.
Liese (PPE), rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in this recommendation, the Committee on Development and Cooperation expresses its support for the use of development policy initiatives alongside the other extremely important measures to combat drugs.
Member of the policy bureau and deputy secretarygeneral of the Republican Party.
History teaches us that economic factors, monetary events or individual interests cannot, in themselves, give rise to or provide the impetus for entire cycles of civilization.
Because they want to join a Union that works, a Union that is capable of doing the job it has to do, a Union that is capable of granting them aid and solidarity - not a Union that is in the process of disintegration.
The resolution of the Temporary Committee of Inquiry into BSE adopted by the European Parliament on 19 February 1997 included a call for Parliament to be able to table a motion of censure on an individual member of the Commission, whereas, at present, it can table a motion of censure only on the Commission as a whole.
As toe Commissioner, Mrs Bonino, frequently says, toe consumer is not a species under threat of extinction; but we do need to speed up a process that encourages consumers to take an active role, toat protects their right to seek and obtain useful information, that secures respect for their rights and interests and their wishes, as freely exercised and expressed.
FinaUy, Mrs Maij-Weggen, Mr Ford and Mrs Theorin, I hope that toe CouncU of Ministers makes the decision.
Programme of the visit
At its meeting of 20 and 21 January 1997, the Fisheries Committee appointed a new rapporteur, Mr Adam, and decided to request referral back to committee pursuant to Rule 129 of the Rules of Procedure.
It is clear that a programme on that scale may make certain adjustments essential.
They apparently have a lot of hidden unemployment they want to conceal.
In any case, I say again, however important the matter may be it does not have very much to do with the Minutes.
The Commission is now preparing such a proposal and intends to discuss it in the task force by the end of July.
• December 1997: Meeting in Angers with rose experts testing roses on behalf of the CPVO.
Though it is only right that the Committee point out the implications of the existing legal context on the transit system, any reform of that context hes outside its terms of reference.
When you say that an application for asylum in a Member State shall not normally be seen as valid and that the examination shall be done on the basis that the application is unfounded, exactly how do people think this will be implemented as far as the law is concerned?
In reality, what we have here is a directive to guarantee the protection of individuals in the telecommunications sector.
Debates of the European Parliament
Stewart-Clark, Sir Jack (PPE). - Mr President, I read this Council of the European Union common position through with great interest.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights has let Parliament down by not properly dealing with the legal base amendments I have tabled.
Killilea (UPE), rapporteur. - Madam President, I just wanted to make a point of information to the Commissioner.
Eriksson and Svensson (GUE/NGL), in writing. - (SV) The undersigned have voted for those points in the Read report which we consider of most benefit to toe consumer.
How ever, as you are all aware, despite the fact that all Member States have transposed the principle into national legislation, statistics still show that women in manual jobs earn between 69 and 90 % of men's average pay.
Do they claim payment of the guarantee by the agent too early (i.e. when it is still possible to recover the customs amount by other means)?
I believe that only toe EU wül really succeed in providing the necessary poUtical weight for conservation and development aid.
Member of.the OVP European Affairs Committee (since 1995).
I think that the great pressure brought to bear by the European Parliament in recent years has achieved some thing with regard to the third point, and we are arriving at a better social equilibrium. The employment and social protocol is being incorporated.
With these reservations, I therefore confirm that I shall be supporting the report drafted by the Committee on Energy.
Retail companies have long been the second largest employer in the EU.
On 26 February 1996, the second edition of the Official Gazette of the Office was published as a double issue.
I regret that these amendments, which relate to institutional matters, cannot be accepted.
This institution seems to be expanding endlessly, and particularly at a time when the budget margins are small, the block on recruitment recom mended by the Bureau should surely also apply to the Ombudsman.
Mr KeUett-Bowman continues by explaining that manpower in the customs services has been reduced, that there is a loss of morale among those who remain, and that, of course, the whole situation involves consequences which cannot be quantified.
My second point is on energy.
It is thought to be a good principle that the direct financial burden, and potential liability, should go with the responsibility for the care and control of the goods during transit.
The opposite has happened.
Naturally it is not useful or desirable for Customs to have unlimited access to all commercial data, but links with existing systems should be developed.
Is criminal prosecution always the most appropriate response to fraud?
We must deplore, as we so often need to, the fact that the Commission and the Council relegate the Parliament to a very marginal role beneath its station in budgetary mat ters.
Indeed, I must confess that the first draft of the Commission's proposal located initiative within the Commission itself.
Graduate In business studies.
European-level regulation of mortgage credit would there fore mean approximating toe security and application rules at toe same time, hence ultimately toe EU-wide harmonization of national property law provisions. This, however, would not be compatible with the principle of subsidiarity.
The recently adopted Community Canada Joint Action Plan also includes a number of references to the preservation of the environment and forestry.
The .question of the respect of subsidiarity principles and proportionality ­ found in principles of the European Union ­ is confused with questions of legislative tech­nique in matters of clarity and simplicity of texts.
Your representatives, Mr President, drew our attention to their priorities for strengthening the measures aimed at encouraging job creation, research and development, preparation of candidate countries for membership and programmes intended for youth and culture, the environmentalization of the budget and the ongoing restructuring of Community administration, in order to ensure greater efficiency and more flexibility in the allocation of resources. sources.
Architect.
Of course, we think close coordination should be employed when making this decision.
♦ academic content;
We also believe that - in relation to mortgage credit, for example - evaluation is needed. We are not against the idea of extending the 1987 directive to mortgage credit also.
Even now, we see well-off families, who are able to afford it, linking their home PCs to the Internet and in so doing giving their children knowledge of this technology right from infancy.
Having said that, the Commission proposals have my support and that of the Committee on Fisheries.
Echoing the rapporteur, the citizens of Europe, represented in this chamber, raise their voices loud and clear today.
Debates of the European Parliament
been undertaken in recent years to improve the protection of European Union financial interests.
The plantation workers of Chiquita, Del Monte and the other multinationals will not receive much benefit.
We believe that real progress on this will be of benefit to both our peoples.
And we cannot in any case launch into a frenzied attack on what has been done and what continues to be done.
We must fish less - we know that - but we must also more than anything else fish better and to do this we must not only reduce capacity, but also and above all introduce some selectivity.
Contents
In some Member States the assessment of the economic impact is one of the standard pieces of information considered in political decision­
At the Amsterdam Council, it was as if the Heads of State and Government, presented by the Dutch presidency with a preparatory text largely inspired by the old arguments, had second thoughts and ultimately preferred to wait to obtain a clearer view of the enlargements before decreeing certain reforms.
As Mr Perry has rightly said, the people of Europe are effectively probing the laws of Europe, the directives of Europe and the issues that'concern them most closely.
Resumption of the session
French holders of this ideology usually say that they are fighting anti-French racism, which in their eyes is the most offensive and undoubtedly the most serious kind.
The internal borders between Member States were eliminated in 1993, and new association agreements (the latest with Turkey) and accessions have taken place since then.
Finland
In the context of this project Member States were asked whether public organisations (at national, regional or local level) - acting in their capacity as private organisations - select contractors or suppliers on the basis of OSH criteria.
Redondo Jiménez (PPE), rapporteur. ­ (ES) Madam President I wanted to speak when Mr Novo tabled his oral amendment in order to say that I, the rapporteur, agree with the deletion of the limits to which he refers in his oral amendment to Article 18.
If we want to be sure of ever building up any kind of consumer confidence again in the European Union, any kind of certainty or conviction that we are ensuring that our meat and food is harmless, we will have to adhere to our ban on hormones.
Customs offices by the end of 1998) appears desirable but, according to various trade bodies, optimistic.
That situation does not exist in any Member State.
Protests and campaigns opposed to arbitrary rule have been subject to draconic suppression under the 1974 State Security Law and other measures.
This tendency arises in some of the other amendments, which we shall be rejecting.
This product, basic value 1.20 guilders per litre, has an all-duty-paid value of 40 guilders per litre and is therefore classified as "sensitive".
It is of great importance that environmental organisations are given the opportunity to participate in this environmental work which is so important to us.
Member of the PPDF political bureau, executive committee and national council; chairman of the PPDF national committee on Europe.
But in that connection, I believe Europeans are united by a system of knowledge, belief, and thought, covering moral ity, history, customs, everything that shapes culture, and we would not have come this far from the bloodstained and divided Europe of the 'forties if that European culture did not exist.
Debates of the European ParUament
It must be accepted toat situations exist in which extraordinary military expenditure may be both exceptional and independent of toe wishes of the Member State, especially when that expenditure is motivated by threats of force which are in any case internationally prohibited.
This is not a matter of revenge, therefore, nor of proving that perhaps the new democracy in Chile is not sufficiently stable.
Prevalence of hepatitis B ranges from 3 to 75%while rates of over 90% for hepatitis C have beenreported even in countries with low rates of HIV.
30 shall not apply, and the Council must reply with sufficient promptness to keep Parliament properlyinformed. informed.
At the second June session, Parliament, during its second plenary session when the results of Amsterdam were discussed, adopted by a huge majority a resolution to the effect that the agreement reached by the European Council on the budgetary aspects of the CFSP was to be welcomed as a success and a step forward.