Adjournment of the session , p . 178
I remind you that the Rules of Procedure are being applied to the agenda for a part - session , and that the Bureau shall be informed of the decisions taken by the Bureau .
Graduate in political science .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that I am not sure whether he will be in a position to come back to the point of view of the Liberal Group .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament .
The Commission has also sent a letter to the Belgian Government , and the President of the Commission , and he will be able to make a statement on this subject , which will be heard in the event that the system will be extended to all products in question .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights also welcomes the fact that the European Parliament has been able to fulfil its role in the fight against unemployment and the increase in the number of jobs .
University Management
The Community plant variety rights system , which is the Community ' s most important , is , in fact , a Community plant - 25 .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to give you the floor .
The Commission ' s proposal is a first step in the right direction .
We must ensure that the humanitarian aid is given to the local people .
I am thinking of the following points , which are the subject of the debate on the report , which is to be welcomed .
But we also think that the Commission is in a position to present a report which will be a step forward in the right direction .
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , and I would ask you to answer this question , and what is the Commission ' s position on the future of the Structural Funds .
0 Deputy in the Cortes ( 1983 - 1994 ).
I am sure that the Commissioner will answer this question .
The Union can only be able to make the necessary contribution to the implementation of the necessary legislation .
The EU has a duty to help the Algerians themselves to exercise their human rights in their country , in order to make their voices heard in the talks .
Last year , the Commission decided to allocate ECU 6 million for the new buildings in reserve and reserve for the payment of the aid .
Thirdly , the report is a first step in the right direction , which is why I think it is important to have a more flexible approach to the problem of tobacco , which is why we are unable to support the report .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
The first is that the Commission has proposed a number of measures to encourage the development of new services .
The Commission has proposed a number of measures to improve the transparency of the services and the management of the MED programmes .
I have to say that I am not going to vote against the Tillich report , but I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the future .
0 Former Chairman of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection ( since 1990 ).
I am sure that the Commission will act as quickly as possible to encourage the development of a more structured dialogue .
I think that we should be able to discuss this here in the evening .
The EU must also be able to implement the environmental protection objectives , and we must also make it clear that the EU has a major responsibility to play with the Member States .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful to note that we have to discuss this in the future .
It is important to know that the Commission is still in a position to come up with a new directive .
Finally , I would like to say that I am not sure that the Commission is able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this situation , which is a matter of urgency , and I am sure that we are not going to be able to make the situation worse .
The Commission is therefore aware of the importance of this , but it is also of the opinion that the Commission has made a proposal for a directive which is to be approved by the Commission .
The European Parliament , representing the Union , is the forum for the single currency and for the single currency .
The Commission has already made clear that the European Union is a country with its own internal affairs and that it is a country which has no legal basis and is a national matter .
Debates of the European Parliament
We must not be consistent with the rule of law , but we cannot allow ourselves to respect the law .
The European Union must be based on the fact that the existing programme is based on the needs of young people , which is based on the fact that the programme is being developed as a whole .
The question is also whether the Council is also asked to take the necessary steps to remedy the situation .
The only thing which is to do is to ensure that the information society is not prepared to function properly , but that it is not possible to take the necessary steps to protect the public .
I do not think that we should be voting on the paragraph of the Minutes .
This will be the end of the process , but it will be possible to make the necessary documentation available to the Centre and the European Centre for the management of the work of the Centre .
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
In the light of the problems , the Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I would say that it is essential to have a European dimension .
It is also a step in the right direction , and it is also important to have a European education system which will enable young people to exercise their lives .
It is important to ensure that the development of the information society is provided with a basic data and , above all , the greater the information society , which is not only the visible content of the new technologies , but also the larger and more vulnerable .
I think that the European Union should be a firm and determined failure to respect human rights , which must be respected in the region .
The European Union ' s forestry strategy is based on the assumption that the European Union must be given a voice in the promotion of the environ mental and sustainable development .
We have to consider whether we can make a distinction between the interests of the public and the public , whether we are to be able to prevent the spread of this kind in the European Union .
The Community has a duty to implement the measures which have been introduced in the field of taxation , and I would like to point out that the European Union is a Member State in which the European Union is a Member State .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this important subject in the context of the European Union ' s cooperation with the national parliaments .
I would ask you to reply to this question , and I would ask you to reply to the questions put by Mr Alavanos , and to the Council , to the Commission , to put forward a proposal to the European Parliament on the basis of the information society and the media on the matter .
Titley ( PSE ), in writing . - I am very pleased that the report is being debated in the House and I am pleased to see that the House has adopted a report which is now before the House today .
We must also ensure that the European Union is a good thing and that the European Union is a good thing , but that it is also a good thing that the European Union is a good thing .
I am very pleased that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a more realistic approach to the problem of the fisheries agreements .
Although the Commission is aware of the importance of the problem of the ageing of the population , it is a question of the need to take into account the needs of the population , and it is important that the Commission should take the necessary steps to prevent this .
The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for the decisions of the Conference of Presidents .
The European Union must be a major absentee , who are not interested in this process .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the consumer is able to buy the goods and services without the quality of life and quality , and that the product is protected and so that we can only be able to prevent the spread of such products and processes .
I am very grateful to the House for its opinion on this point .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a step in the right direction , which is why we are in a position to help the citizens of Europe .
The Commission has always said that the Commission has been able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is available on the various Member States , and that the system is based on the responsibility of the Member States .
The European Union has no plans to perform this task , and I think that the Commission should be able to bring forward a proposal for a Council and Parliament to examine the subject in this way .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could not agree to withdraw it .
I should like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
The EU must be able to support the development of a sustainable and functional method .
, p . 8 - 8 .
The Commission ' s work on this subject is undoubtedly the most important thing , and it is the only way to do this .
If the French authorities do not have the same rights as the Commission in respect of the provisions of the Treaty , the Commission will be obliged to submit to the Court of Justice in June 1994 to submit a report to the European Parliament on the legal protection of the Community ' s financial interests .
That is why I voted against the amendments tabled by the Greens .
But I do not think that the Commission should be able to make a proposal , but I think that it is a step forward .
We are not going to have to discuss this in detail , but I do not think that we should be able to discuss this here .
The European Union must make its voice heard in the near future , and I hope that the Council will be able to give the European Parliament the opportunity to make a political statement .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the European Union is a ' democracy ' of the country ?
I think that the European Parliament should be given the opportunity to make a contribution to the fight against terrorism , and I think that the European Parliament should be able to take a more active position in this area .
I would ask you to support the amendments tabled by Mr Alavanos , tabled by Mr Alavanos , to reconsider their stance on behalf of the Group of the European Radical Alliance on the European Parliament ' s report .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
The Centre ' s work programme for the Centre ' s Management Board and the European Centre for the Protection of Management .
The national plant variety rights system was extended to the CPVO and it was felt that the CPVO had to be able to fulfil its functions and functions .
I think that the Commission is right to put forward a number of proposals for the future .
The CFSP will be a great success if the European Union is to play its part in the future .
The European Parliament has a great debt of gratitude to all the political groups and to all interested parties .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is not able to resolve the problem .
The first is that the budget should be used to finance the projects .
President . - Mr Kinnock , I have no doubt that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Kinnock , Glenys ( PSE ). - Mr President , I am grateful to the Commissioner for her answer to this question .
It is now debated in Parliament that the texts of agreements have been adopted by the European Parliament ( three readings ) and the Council of Ministers ( 2 ) shall be used to inspect the of the International Maritime Organization ( NAFO ) and to establish a European Convention on the protection of human rights and to provide the necessary impetus to the fight against organised crime .
and
What is the Council ' s position in the context of the Intergovernmental Conference ?
■ Group of the Party of European Socialists Chair : Pauline Green ( UK )
The European Union has a duty to play here , but we have to recognize that the European Union has a duty to play with the world market and the free movement of goods .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to prevent this closure from taking the necessary steps to prevent the loss of jobs in the European Union .
The European Parliament has no powers to intervene in matters of formal cooperation with the Council , and we cannot tolerate this .
The consumer has no protection to have a patent on the product in question .
Thirdly , the Commission does not consider the subsidiarity principle in the light of the Maastricht criteria and the need to guarantee the universal access to the single currency .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the measures proposed by the Council are a major advance in the overall strategy .
The European Union has a duty to play with the European Union ' s environmental protection and its role in the field of fishing in the Mediterranean .
The first is the application of the Maastricht Treaty .
I have to say that I have no doubt that I have to be a great success .
We are not going to be able to get the second pillar , but we are not going to be sure that the new treaty is not just a formal one , but a question of flexibility .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working in the Information Society ', which is a field of education , has been a priority for training , and has a key role to play in the process of European integration .
Graduate in law .
Relations with Community institutions and bodies
Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on the Rules of Procedure .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Pack , for her excellent work .
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that we have to make progress in this matter .
Professional qualification in civil engineering .
I do not think that we have to be discussing the matter , and I do not think that we should have to discuss this report .
We must do everything possible to ensure that the information society is protected .
DOC EN \ CM \ 299 \ 299476
I think that the European Parliament should be a firm and determined failure to act , and I think that the EU should be a full member of the Security Council .
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will be able to give the European Union a new Director - General .
Can the Commission say whether it intends to take action to prevent the spread of such drinks among young people , especially those in Africa ?
The first is that the report is a good one , and I think that it is a good thing that the European Union should be able to fulfil its role in the process of political and economic integration .
Secondly , I think that the European Union must be a part of the European Union , and that is why we must support it .
The first is that the Commission should be able to implement the measures which have been proposed , and I would like to point out that the proposed provisions are not in accordance with the principles of the World Trade Organization and the World Bank , as well as the principle of the World Bank .
As you know , the Commission has proposed a number of measures , but it is a step forward .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to do about this , and what is the position of the European Parliament .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will take the view that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is prepared to adopt a decision on this matter .
The Commission is proposing a range of measures to improve the situation and to propose measures to improve the situation .
Most Member States have the same legislation .
I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to make the point that I have just mentioned .
Development of the
Before the vote on the motion of censure , Parliament shall vote for the motion of censure on the Commission within the framework of the Intergovernmental Conference .
The political and economic conditions of the Union must be preserved and that the new democratic conditions must be created .
New technology does not include the transfer of advanced technologies , such as the introduction of the new technologies .
The British Government of the United Kingdom ex - ( with the ) was committed to the of the United Kingdom .
( 1955 - 1958 ).
The Community Transit system is a vital concession to the customs authorities , which is a very large part of the world ' s trading system and its role in the world .
The Union must be very careful to note that the new treaty , which is based on the fact that the new treaty is being incorporated into the Treaty , has been adopted by the Council , and the Commission is now preparing to enter into force .
In addition , the Commission has also proposed to the Council that the Member States should be able to implement the environmental protection standards in the energy sector , in particular in the light of the findings of the Commission .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion policy is a step in the right direction , and I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive cooperation .
I think that we should not be able to make the point in the report , and I think that we should not be too negative in the future .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to stress that the European Union is not a part of the world , but a country which is one of the poorest countries in the European Union .
The Commission has also proposed to the Council that the Commission should take a decision on the banning of drift nets , and it is also a matter of urgency to amend the provisions of the directive .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Cox report today .
The fact that the Community has been able to maintain its own banana COM in a banana market is a fruit of a country which has a population situation in the country .
It is therefore important to have a common foreign and security policy .
Europe ' s cultural heritage is increasingly important in the field of information technology , and this is why I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , for her excellent report .
Answer
We must also ensure that the information society is not consulted on the merits of the information society .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of energy .
The first is the second . . .
It is a question of laying down the conditions under which the aid is given to the countries of the country concerned , the Commission and the Council will be able to decide on the basis of a plan of action .
Proposal for a Council Regulation ( EC ) No 189 / 92 adopting a multiannual programme for the development of a network of telecommunications services ( COM ( 96 ) 0042 - C4 - 0247 / 97 - 96 / 0179 ( CNS ))
The consortium will be informed of the following aspects .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a concrete contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union in the field of telecommunications .
The first is the need to make the distinction between applications and taxation , and the second is the activity of the Commission .
The costs of stay are clearly described in the Compendium for the host university , although the host university is located in a partner country .
The Commission has already proposed to the Council that the European Union should not be able to adopt a position on this issue , but that it should be a decision on the part of the Council to adopt a decision on this subject .
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing .
We have to note that the report has been a good one , and I have to say that it is important to have a clear picture of the situation in the various Member States , and that the Commission has already proposed a number of concrete proposals to the Green Paper .
Your petition must be drawn up in the form of a European Union university ( indicating , value , value , documentation , etc .).
In the Commission ' s view , the proposal for a Council regulation on the use of certain infrastructures is a move towards a single market in the Community .
It is a question of how to proceed with the third pillar .
The problem is that we are often accused of being and we are talking about a different problem .
The information is available on the information society , and it is therefore a question of the information society .
The European Union must be able to contribute to the process of democratic reform in the region , and this is why I am so pleased that the success of the European Union will be reduced .
I welcome the Commission ' s initiative and the initiative by the European Parliament .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
Approval of the Minutes Truscott , Kreissl - Dörfler , Fabre - Aubrespy , Berès , Striby , Andrews , Crowley
That is what we are talking about here .
In 1996 the Council adopted a decision on the location of the wine of the .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in Europe has been greatly tightened .
The Commission has already taken the initiative and the initiative taken by the European Parliament , and I should like to congratulate Mr Titley on the report , and I hope that he will be able to give her the support of the Committee on Budgets .
Question No 53 by Kirsten Jensen ( H - 0063 / 97 ) Subject : Procedures for authorizing the marketing of genetically engineered maize
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive cooperation .
The European Parliament is the only Community institution which can play a role in the future .
Mr President , I have already mentioned the example of the Balearic Islands , which have been in the , and the Germans have been in a region - Spain , where the forest was in the region , and it is now a , and it is a , because it is a , and it is a , which is now the most dangerous thing .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the proposal is not a first step towards the implementation of the agreements , but rather to provide a framework for the new agreements .
Mr President , you are a member of the Committee on Agriculture .
The total of 7 . 4 % of GDP was 2 . 3 % of GDP . 3 % of GDP .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Dutch presidency has been very successful in bringing about a new , strong and stronger political debate on the subject , and I hope that the Dutch presidency will take the necessary steps to achieve a more effective approach .
We are also very pleased that the European Parliament has always made a contribution to the debate on the future of Europe ' s citizens .
The production of renewable energy sources is a problem of energy , not least as a whole .
We are not talking about the problem of the fraud , but about the fact that the problem of the fraud is a serious matter .
But I do not think that the report is a good one , but I do not think it is a good thing that the debate on the subject , and I am pleased to see that the debate on the subject of today is a political one .
♦ develop and strengthen the competitiveness of the European economy , especially in the European Union ;
Votes , p . 241 - 3 .
DOC EN \ CM \ 298 \ 298614
It is not a matter of laying down a precise line , but a balanced strategy for the future .
Titley ( PSE ). - I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give her the green light on the matter .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to stress that the Commission is not only in the interests of the Member States but also of the European Union as a whole .
We are now talking about the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the right to health , the elderly , the elderly , the handicapped ,
They are , in the process of national integration , not of national governments but also by national governments .
( 3 ) ( 3 ) ( 3 ) ( 3 ) and ( 3 ) of the European Parliament , which may have been the subject of a debate , but the question of the of the of the and the of the of the / , which is to be considered as a / .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has therefore tried to ensure that the provisions of the Directive are respected .
Yours faithfully .
I think that the Commission has made a number of representations to the Parliament , and I think that it is a matter of course , not least because it is the Commission ' s responsibility to make it clear that the Council is not a Parliament which has no powers to fulfil its role in this area .
The Commission has always been aware of the fact that the Community has no legal authority and its own legal personality .
The Commission ' s analysis of the shortcomings in the implementation of the transit system is also a fact that the problem is also a serious one , but it is also true that the problem is a serious one .
In the chamber , Members sit in political groups , not in national delegations .
I have to say that I have never had the chance to hear that the Commission has done so .
The first task of the Office is to deal with the needs of its accountancy and to monitor the progress made in the management of the Office .
It is true that the Member States have a duty to implement the measures which have a certain impact on the tobacco industry , and that is , of course , a problem which can be tackled by the European Union , which is why we have to consider the problem of the problem of the European Union .
Brittan , Sir Leon , Vice - President of the Commission . - Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his report and for the support of the European Parliament .
The total staff of the Office had been set up in August .
The European Union must be made clear to the people of the countries of Eastern Europe , which are the principal contributors to the European Union .
President . - Mr Telkämper , I have to say that I do not know whether you are going to be able to answer your question .
I do not know how much I can get to this .
I think that the Commission is right to remind us of the problem and that it is not the first time that the Council has made a proposal which is not binding , but which is why I think that the amendments which have been accepted are not included in the first round of votes .
I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you why the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights is proposing to take a decision on this subject .
Should we not be able to make the political decisions taken by the Chinese authorities , how does the European Parliament work to exert any influence on the issues of human rights ?
The European Union must be able to intervene in this area , and I would say that it is not a matter of chance to demonstrate that the European Union is a country which has a duty to play with the international fisheries agreements .
The committees are set up in the committees of inquiry .
Numerous publications on security policy , social security schemes , social security and the rule of law , etc .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first is the second one , and I would like to make two remarks .
The report is a good one , but it is not a bad thing .
I do not think that the Commission is the only country in which the facts are being set .
We are not going to vote for Amendment No 6 , but we cannot support it .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the fraud in the TIR system has been very satisfactory .
The system is therefore a suitable one .
We are not going to have to wait until we have the results .
The first proposal is to extend the term ' rail - air ' air transport ' and the need to attract the full attention of the transport costs and to the transport of heavy goods vehicles .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on Article 27 .
But I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the future of the European Union .
04 . 10 . 1936 Teacher Spain PP
I congratulate Mrs Read on her report .
The first is that the ad hoc procedure has been used to prevent the crisis and the crisis in Albania , and I would urge the Commissioner to make a statement on this .
I also want to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative to withdraw this proposal .
The Commission is aware of the need to take action in this area .
I therefore urge you to vote against paragraph 14 , so that we can vote against it .
Amendment No .
I think that the report is a step in the right direction , but I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to come to the end of this year .
A delegation from the port of Antwerp was sent to the European Parliament for the first time in the former Yugoslavia .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not in the interests of the consumer , but I would ask you to do so .
But we have to look at the fact that we have had a debate on this subject , and I have to say that we have to discuss this in the Committee on Budgets .
IN THE CHAIR : MR PODESTÀ ' Vice - President
Debates of the European Parliament
I would also like to thank the President - in - Office for his very good wishes and for their constructive contribution to the debate on Algeria .
I am very pleased that the Committee on Regional Policy , which has been set up , has been set up , has been able to make a number of proposals , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to help the Commission in its work on this subject .
It is therefore essential to have a workable and sustain able development in the future , and it is therefore essential to have a common European foreign policy .
The customs office of departure should be required to make the necessary documentation and procedures for the transporter and to investigate the irregularity .
The Commission cannot accept the amendments which the rapporteur has tabled , because it is not only in the minority but also in the light of the conclusions of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
President . - Mr Morris , I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to ask the Commissioner if he is here today .
I fear that the project is a good one , and I hope that the European Union will be able to put forward a number of concrete proposals .
In the meantime , the Commission is not in a position to examine the possibility of adapting the new provisions to the new situation , which will be the subject of dialogue with the new Algerian Government .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the area of the European Union .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that the Commission should be given the opportunity to take a more active part in the Community action plan , and I think that the Commission should be given the necessary information on the subject of equal opportunities for men and women to be able to take into account the fact that the European Union is a step forward in the process of finalizing and undertake a new , ambitious and coherent approach .
I would like to thank Mrs Pack for her excellent work .
There is a lack of legal base and a common fiscal policy .
I am thinking of the following reasons : the Commission ' s position on the budget of the European Union , which is a very important one , and I think that the Commission has made a statement in the face of the challenges facing the European Union .
Cox ( ELDR ). - Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Lamfalussy on his excellent work .
The first is that the use of the Internet is a question of the safety of the envhonment , and it is important that the protection of the envhonment should be given a higher level of protection for the envhonment .
1 ) The figures for the period 1996 - 96 and were not legally sufficiently legally binding , but the figures for which the volume of transport operations were not normally assumed ( Denmark ).
I have to say that I have no intention of saying that we have to make a distinction between discovery and invention .
The European Parliament ' s Directorate - General XX , which is the subject of the first report , is a very good report .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the European Parliament for its contribution to the debate on the future of human rights in the Union .
It is not enough to do so , but it is a question of playing with the environmental dimension of the problem .
President . - Mr Fabre - Aubrespy , I should like to make a point of order .
The Schengen Agreement is not a European Union instrument , but a European Union , as a whole , as a whole , as the only institution of the European Union , and not a single European area .
The Commission is therefore proposing to extend the new technologies to the SMEs , and to include the SMEs , to include the teachers , the teachers , teachers , teachers , teachers , teachers , teachers , students and teachers , and also teachers , teachers , pupils , students , teachers , students , teachers , teachers , teachers , students and teachers .
The Member States are required to provide the necessary funding for the necessary funding for the introduction of the euro , and the system of supervision is thus a prerequisite for the orderly functioning of the single market .
The situation in Kenya is very serious and I think that the government is by the return of refugees and displaced persons .
Subcommittee on Monetary Affairs Chair : Christa Randzio - Plath ( PES , D )
Question No 46 by Christine Oddy ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Working time directive
I think that the Commission has no intention of doing so .
The European Parliament has also been informed of the procedures and procedures that have been initiated .
In addition , the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights adopted a Directive on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions , which was adopted by the Council in June 1995 , to amend the proposal for a Council Directive on the protection of consumers by the European Patent Convention .
I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this matter , but I think that it is not the right moment to consider the matter .
The resolution is not a satisfactory solution to the problems of the European Union .
0 Former member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs . 0 Former member of the Committee on the Committee on the Rules of Procedure .
The Commission has already taken the view that the United States has not only been able to grant any preferential treatment , but that it is not the case .
OF THE COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY ON FRAUD IN TRANSIT BY THE FREIGHT TRANSPORT OF THE BY THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
Contract partner
The Commission has not yet submitted a formal proposal to the Council of Ministers which is to submit a proposal for a decision .
I think that the Council has accepted the idea of a common European foreign and security policy .
I would like to remind you that the European Council has not yet reached a position on this issue .
If we are to have a common policy , we must also make sure that the EU is not a federal superstate with the EU .
The Commission is not in the interests of the public , but in the interests of the public , and it is also true that the Community has a duty to protect consumers , which is the biggest profit for the public .
It is also important to point out that the cost of the aid for the future is not reduced .
The Commission is not a party to the Baltic Sea .
The Amsterdam Treaty is a new article , but it is not a new treaty , but a new treaty , a new article which will be included in the Amsterdam Treaty .
It is not only in the interests of the consumer , but also in the interests of the consumer .
The main objective of the transit system is to achieve a better understanding of the interests of the economy and the economy .
In this context , the following conclusions are :
This is why I am unable to support the report , but I would ask the Commission to take the initiative and to make it clear that it is not only the legal basis for the report but also to make it clear that it is not only the legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
Will the Council say whether it intends to take the necessary steps to prevent the admission of the Turkish Cypriot community to the accession of Cyprus to the European Union and to the Turkish Cypriot community ?
We are all aware of the importance of the social dialogue , and we have to recognize that the social dialogue is still an important element in the new Treaty .
The Commission has already taken the view that it is not enough to prohibit the advertising sector .
In the countries of the European Union , the countries of Central and Eastern Europe have a very good starting point in the process of economic and monetary union .

B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party , on the situation in Kenya ;
We have to look at the situation in the Balkans , and we have to recognize that the region has a great responsibility for the whole of Europe .
If the Commission is to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of refugees , the return of refugees and displaced persons , and to prevent the return of refugees , which are being used in the manufacture of all children .
I shall try to make a point of order .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has not been able to implement the measures which have been taken to improve the situation .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make the following points .
( The sitting was suspended at 7 . 50 p . m . and resumed at 9 . 00 p . m .)
Equal opportunities for men and women
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Budgets , and to give you the floor to the vote .
I am very pleased that the report is being presented to us by the European Parliament , and I am sure that we are not going to have to decide on the future .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a clear distinction between the two main groups or the various groups .
These companies are still subject to strict control of their clients , or their clients , who are the ones who suffer from their stay in the host countries .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that this is a very important issue , and I hope that the Council will be able to reach a common position on the basis of the recommendations made by the Council .
The first is that the use of the qualified majority voting in the Council of Ministers is not a theoretical one .
We must also make our political contribution to the fight against unemployment .
I do not think that is the case here .
Cardona ( UPE ). - ( PT ) Mr President , the fiscal policy of the European Union is a step backwards in terms of the social dialogue .
0 Member of the Socialist Party national bureau .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive and comprehensive report which has been debated in this House and I hope that the House will be able to make a clear distinction between the texts which we are now discussing .
The Committee on Petitions is the body responsible for the legal and judicial professions .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of openness in this area .
Unfortunately , we have to remember that the European Union has a duty to implement the single market and to impose its tax on the countries of the European Union .
The Single Currency and the European Parliament
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a compromise , and I would ask the Commissioner if the Council is not to take the view that the Commission will take the necessary steps to prevent the use of the structural funds to promote the sustainable development of the regions .
I would like to ask the Council : what is the position of the Council on the island regions in the Community ?
Though the basic regulation allows the owner of the vehicle to track its journey , the system is based on the number of goods and services , and the owner is obliged to take the appropriate measures to prevent the spread of such material or to impose on the supplier and the goods .
UN election observer in the UN Human Rights Commission
We also agree with the rapporteur that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to resolve this problem .
DOC EN \ CM \ 307 \ 307143
The question is , how , when we are to be able to achieve the results of the European Union , we are going to have to be able to achieve the results of the Member States .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I hope that we will be able to make sure that we will be able to make sure that we do not have to pay for the best possible price .
All of the members of the delegation have expressed their views on the matter .
If the Commission is to take the view that the system will be extended to other countries , it will also be able to fulfil its role in the process of transition .
Mulder ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating Mrs Pack on her excellent work .
The Commission is therefore proposing to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the Baltic Sea region and to impose export restrictions on the export of weapons .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the fact that the European Union is not a Community policy , but a one which is not a European country , but a country which has no place in its own country , and that it is a question of democratic principles .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you why we are voting in favour of the report .
The Commission ' s proposal , which was adopted by the Council , was rejected by a majority in the Council .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain why we are not to approve the report , as the House will be opposing the amendments which have been tabled .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not agreed to withdraw it .
If not , does it take any steps ?
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that we should be focusing on the fact that the Commission is seeking to step up the implementation of the structural programmes , and I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the implementation of the structural funds in the field of public health , and that is why we have to ensure that we do not have the support of the Commission in the Council .
( The sitting was closed at 10 . 10 p . m .)
I think that is a very important point .
National ombudsmen and similar bodies of the European Communities , and in the European Parliament , also in the field of public - law , the Council of Ministers of the European Union .
I am sure that we are not going to have to work on this issue , but I think that we should not just look at the future of the European Union but instead to support it .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the environmental impact assessment is not used in the light of the EU ' s environmental legislation .
The report is a first step in the right direction .
( The and )
The second point is that the Commission should not take the view that the report is a first step in the right direction .
Gold Medal of the Italian newspaper .
Member of the district council ( until 1995 ).
Mrs Oomen - Ruijten proposes Article 2 .
I am thinking of the following points : the first is the question of the protection of consumers , and the interests of the consumer .
The Commission has only recently been asked to remind the French Government of the French case of France , but the European Parliament has also played an active part in this .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
The Commission ' s proposal for a directive on the sale of consumer goods and the labelling of beef is not applicable to any type of meat , and it is therefore not possible to extend the transitional period to the Commission to include the relevant provisions of Regulation 2328 of the European Union .
A complaint of the European Parliament ' s Committee on Budgetary Control on the grounds of their failure to comply with the WTO rules and the diplomatic traditions of the Member States .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Administrative Council awaits the outcome of this examination .
The main purpose of the EIS is to prevent the spread of Customs fraud or to threaten the procedure under consideration .
In the case of the committee responsible , the committee responsible may , in accordance with the committee responsible , submit a report to the committee responsible for the of the amendments submitted to the committee responsible .
The Commission ' s strategy is based on the fact that the programme of economic and monetary union is based on the need to create a common police and security policy , and that the European Union should be a priority for the future .
I think that we must be careful to make it clear that we are not in a position to force this time .
President - The Minutes of the May part - session ( 1989 - 1989 ).
The first is that the Community should be able to implement the second , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is not consulted .
We cannot support the motion of censure , but I do not think that the Serbian Government is a party to the opposition , but I do not think that it is a question of political solidarity , but a question of security and defence .
It is important to have a common European policy which is to be developed in the future .
The IGC is pursuing a policy which is not just a question of how to deal with the problems of the internal market .
Article K . 9 of the Treaty on European Union provides that the European Union should be a European body , but it must be governed by the Treaty .
The European Union must be a European superstate with its own internal market .
Passed university entrance examination ; trained as a bank employee .
I have to say that I have a question to the Commissioner .
This is the first time that the European Parliament , which was the first reading , was set up by the European Parliament , and which called for the amendments to be adopted by the Council in June 1997 .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The Amsterdam Treaty provides that the European Union should set up a new treaty , in order to establish a framework for the exercise of democratic control over the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
The provisions of the regulation of the International Maritime Organisation have been fully understood by the Commission that the provisions of the regulation of the Sea could be extended to the countries concerned , without being the best possible effect of the sea to the transport of live animals , and thus to ensure that the cost of transport does not exceed the cost of the aid or the cost of transport .
0 Has held numerous missions for the National Assembly .
I can give a few examples of this .
The Council of Ministers also called for a European voluntary service for young people to take part in the preparation of a European Observatory for assisting spouses , and to promote the rights of the selfemployed .
The European Parliament has the right to vote in the Commission ' s legislative power , and the Commission has the power to censure the Commission .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first question is : who is responsible for this ?
I am also pleased that the European Parliament has been able to make a contribution to the fight against unemployment , but I am also convinced that the Commission has not only a role to play in the promotion of the economic and social cohesion of the European Union .
We are not happy with the report , but we cannot support it .
The Commission has already taken the view that it is not the case .
Although the regulation is based on the scientific principles of the system , it is also a question of establishing a patent on human body cells , the patents and the rule of law .
The European Commission ' s annual report on the application of the subsidiarity principle in the form of the information society :
Debates of the European Parliament
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been more realistic .
This was a very encouraging sign , which was the first step towards the implementation of the structural funds .
I have to say that the Commission has not been able to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
Parliament has been the first Ombudsman , and the Ombudsman ' s work has been substantially appreciated by the European Parliament .
The first meeting of the Administrative Council on the list of the Administrative Council , which was approved by the Management Board , was the subject of a preliminary draft budget for the preliminary draft budget .
The USA is a world where the world is moving towards a world market , but it is a world where the world is moving towards a fairer , freer society .
Where the committee responsible is unable to take part in the vote , it shall be the President of the committee responsible .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a discussion of the matter , and I would ask you to take this back to the agenda .
0 Mayor of ( 1979 - 1983 ).
The Commission is not in a position to do so , but we cannot tolerate this .
We have had a good case in the past .
We are therefore going to vote for the joint resolution on the following points .
These national systems are often used in a way that can be used to determine the existence of a common system .
We must not forget that the European Union is a step backwards in terms of women ' s rights .
The French Government , acting as a representative of the French Government , did not take part in the vote on this motion .
The Commission ' s report is a very interesting one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this issue .
The European Union ' s most important contribution to the fight against unemployment is to make the biggest of the European problem .
I have to say that I have no doubt that the Commission has been able to take the initiative in the first instance , and I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not only accepted the argument that the Italian government , the French government , will it have to make a statement about the future of the European Union , and will be able to make a statement about the future of the European Union ' s financial resources , which have been announced by the French government , will be the only possible response to the concerns of the French Government , but will be undertaking to review the implementation of the measures to guarantee the survival of the single currency and what measures it will take to ensure that the French Government is actually prepared to review its implementation
The economic and social importance of the economy must be clearly established .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in this area .
We have a duty to make the drug use of drugs , , , , and , and can help to spread drug trafficking .
I have to say that I have to say that I am not sure whether we are going to have a report on this report , because we have to discuss it with you , because we have to discuss it with you .
As the representatives of the Office , this is a very good report , which will be presented to the CPVO in order to make the necessary contribution to the work of the Office and to the progress of the Office .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the principle of the freedom of movement of goods is not guaranteed ?
• The Committee on Petitions , in the EU , is an advisory committee , and a committee of inquiry .
We have to bear in mind that the members of the delegation have been elected for the last two years , and I have been informed that the Commission is not represented by the people of Europe .
But I do not think that the European Union should be a blessing for the future .
As you know , the Commission has only been able to monitor the situation in the country , but it is not enough to reveal the extent that the country has a single customs area .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
The only thing that can be said is that the only way to protect the environment is to be done in the future .
The Commission ' s report is a step in the right direction , but it is not a good thing that the European Union should be able to achieve its own aims .
There is no vote on the motion of censure .
The BSE crisis has been aggravated by the high level of public acceptance .
♦ limited ( re ) training of academic staff to the partner country , in particular for the involvement of the partner country .
I think that the Commission should be more active in this respect and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank Parliament for its support .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a common legal framework in this area .
The Committee on Petitions , Mr Hänsch , will be forced to make the point in his speech , and I would like to make it clear that the European Parliament is the first to be called upon to play an active role in the fight against crime and tenorism .
It was written in the Netherlands for the purpose of facilitating implementation of the Convention , in accordance with the Treaty .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working Conditions ' - is a step in the right direction , and we shall be voting in favour of the report .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
The Commission has already taken a decision on this , and it is therefore in line with the principles of the internal market and the Member States ' budgets .
President . - Question No 35 by Mrs Hautala ( H - 0325 / 97 )
It is clear that the monetary policy is not yet an easy task , but the monetary and budgetary policy .
The principal ' s guarantee is therefore based on the number of goods liable to pay the tax on the part of the Community .
It is a very difficult job , and it is not enough .
The application of the subsidiarity principle has been made in the EU Member States of the European Union .
The Group of the Party of European Socialists complains that the European Union ' s ' ' of the ' non - Community ' and ' Community ' is not a Community ' s financial contribution to the development of a European Community plant variety .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the necessary action in this area .
First , the Commission ' s proposal on the coordination of the budgetary policies .
I hope that the Commission will take the initiative and the Council to give the European Parliament the opportunity to make a contribution to this debate .
It is not enough to do so .
In the case of the Union , the Union has a duty to help the region to develop its relations with the rest of the world , and it is also true that the Union has a duty to help the region .
We are not talking about discrimination , but about discrimination .
We must not be tempted to the violence against women .
The first is the definition of the concept of the institutions , but it is also true that the Ombudsman is still in a position to take a decision .
The committee has the full support of all the political groups , including the Member States , the representatives of the Member States , the representatives of the Member States and the Commission .
I have to say that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to resolve this problem .
♦ mobility of academic staff ( in chapter 6 ) and Institution Building ( in chapter 6 )
The fight against drug trafficking is a criminal offence , but the law is not a theoretical one .
Human Rights
Unfortunately , the Turkish Government has always made such a gesture and too little to offer the European Union a chance to negotiate with the United States .
Sitting of Friday , 16 January 1997
Does the Commission agree that it is the European Parliament ' s duty to coordinate its policy ?
The European Union has a duty to play with the UN and the OSCE and the OSCE and the OSCE observers to contribute to the democratization of the region .
What is the European Parliament ?
I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to tackle the problem of noise pollution in the motor industry .
I should like to point out that the Commission has been in a position to put forward a report on the implementation of the Community action plan , and I think that we have to recognize that the Commission has been in a position to examine the problem of the problem of the outermost regions .
We have to consider whether the Commission has been able to implement the directive on the protection of animals and the interests of the consumer .
Malerba ( UPE ). - ( LT ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Hatzidakis on his report and to the House and the demands of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
Member States ( France , Denmark , Spain , Denmark , Ireland , Ireland , Ireland ( Denmark ).
Professor of history .
In this context , the Council of Ministers has also drawn up a series of measures to combat the drug problem .
But I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this ?
I therefore urge the Commissioner to make sure that he will be able to keep up with the latest discussions on the Philoxenia programme , so that he will be able to come forward with a new proposal .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , and I would ask you to tell me how the Commission sees the problem of the problem in the future .
The Commission adopted a recommendation on 16 December 1996 with a view to adopting a multiannual programme to promote the sustainable development of combined transport in the European Union .
I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine whether the Member States should be able to implement the acquis communautaire .
The European Union must also respect the principles of the treaty , and I hope that the Council will be able to give the Union a new , open and democratic process , to put the Union in a position to produce a new , more democratic and more transparent system .
We are all agreed that we should not be able to see the future of the European Union .
We must not be misled , but we must not be sure that we do not have to pay for it .
It was a very bad thing , and I think that we should have a more transparent approach .
For example , if we are to have a political vacuum in the future , we must have a different political body in order to meet the challenge of the future .
The European Union can play a more active role in the world , but it is also important to have a more active role to play in the fight against unemployment .
The Council has , however , appointed a new stimulus to employment , a European dimension in education and training , and a more active employment policy is needed .
( Parliament adopted the draft legislative resolution )
The European Union must be a priority for the future of Latin America , which is to be supported by the European Union , and the European Union must be a prerequisite for the establishment of a European corps consisting of the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity .
The Commission has always said that the Commission is not only active in the free movement of goods and services but has to be regulated in the Member States .
It is a question of how to integrate the environment into the market and to market economy .
The Commission will be presenting a proposal to the European Parliament on the matter .
This is why we are voting against the report , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a fresh boost to the future of the European Union in the coming years .
We are very pleased .
The Directive on the sale of the guarantees provided for in the EC Treaty does not contain any provisions on the protection of animals .
We are all aware of the need to make the European Union more democratic , but we must also recognize that the European Union is a vital one for the future .
We have to look at the number of reports .
These costs are estimated to be 2 . 5 % of the total costs .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will be able to give the Council and the Commission to make a proposal that the proposal contained in the proposal for a directive on the distance selling of financial services and , in particular , the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
I hope that the Commission will be able to keep up its way in the way of a political decision on this issue .
If we had to make a real contribution to the European project , we would have to have a more flexible system of social protection .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international trade in Cuba , and I would like to ask the Commissioner what the situation is .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
0 Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog ( Denmark ).
Member of the Chamber of Representatives of the Member of the Chamber of Representatives .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been able to implement the Euratom Treaty , but we have to recognize that the new treaty has been adapted to the new Treaty and the new Treaty on European Union .
In addition , we also know that the Commission is not in a position to implement the measures in this area , but that it should be extended to include countries which are in the process of accession .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been able to present a directive on the protection of public health and the environment .
We have to consider the problems and mechanisms that we have to face in the Community .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission should propose to the Council to initiate a debate on the subject of the revision of the Treaty .
2 ) The European Union is made up of 15 Member States .
I think that the Commission should be given a fresh boost to the development of the Community fleet .
I think that the Commission has been able to present a report on the implementation of the directive on the protection of consumers in the Community .
I think that the 15 % target date for the European Union is still too early .
The first step is to make the distinction between the costs of stay at the host of the central and eastern European and central European and central .
We have to admit that the problem is not a serious one .
But we are not talking about a whole series of problems .
Graefe zu Baringdorf ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her report .
We are also aware of the fact that the Council of Ministers has been a little bit of luck , but I do not think that the Council is a charter of peace .
What measures does the Commission propose to take to ensure that the Community plant variety rights system is implemented ?
In the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , the EU has a " duty of care " to help the region .
The deadline for the tabling of amendments shall be governedby .
This is a problem which has been developed in the past , and it is a question of how to integrate the Community as a whole .
The European Union must be a full member of the Security Council of the Baltic Sea and the Baltic Sea region .
The fact that this is not the case , I do not think that the question is whether we should not be in a position to do so .
The results of this survey show that the European Parliament can take a position on this subject .
The European Union must be a European superstate with its own currency and its own currency .
Debates of the European Parliament
If we want to make the people more aware of the importance of this new technology , we must also make it clear that the people who are most vulnerable to fraud and that their fight against fraud are also very large .
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the price , but we do not think that we should be able to change the legal basis .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union , but about the whole concept of the European Union .
The Commission will also be able to accept the amendments in the proposal which the Commission has proposed to the European Parliament and the Council on the protection of consumers in the Community ' s agricultural policy and the protection of consumers in the Community ' s financial interests .
Dybkjær ( ELDR ). - ( DA ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing that we have to have a thorough debate on this subject .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the Commission is able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the information society and to ensure that the information society is provided more and more transparent .
President . - Thank you , Commissioner .
I think that is the right way to do so .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the internalization of external costs of transport , the need to establish a framework for the transport of radioactive materials , and the proposal for a directive on the external costs of transport .
The second point is that the application of the subsidiarity principle should be rejected .
The report is a good one , and I think it is important to stress that the European Union is not a part of the world , but it is a question of survival .
We have to recognize that the European Union has been able to fulfil its role in the field of employment , and I hope that the European Council will not just have the courage to do so .
Approval of the Minutes , p . 201 - 2 .
But I do not think that we should be able to discuss this here in the House , and I think that we should be able to discuss this in the future .
First of all , I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Green Group .
EUROPEAN COMMISSION
The Commission ' s communication on the social dialogue is an important element in the new Treaty .
The Commission and the European Parliament have also made a clear and unequivocal statement on this subject .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not only been able to do so , but that it is not possible to have a report which is merely a first step in the right direction , but to put it another way to do so .
Teacher .
Rule of the Bureau and the Conference of Presidents
The customs and tax authorities in the Member States have contacted the principal of the freight forwarders and the hauliers who are carrying out the goods .
I have to ask you to put the report back to the Committee on Institutional Affairs .
This is not only a matter of urgency but also a question of how we can solve the problem of unemployment .
Kestelijn - Sierens ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I am not sure whether I am afraid that the Commissioner has made a courageous choice .
The Commission has already made a number of important points in this area , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Union can make a real contribution to the development of the internal market .
Women are still portrayed as a whole , whereas in the United States , there is a problem which is not only a social Europe but a social Europe .
The most important thing is that the national governments must be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the fragmentation of the single market .
There is a danger that the of drug - takers , and the rule of law , that is , the main thing is to prevent drug addiction and the attendant risks of drug - takers , and thereby safeguard the artistic and cultural identity of the kind of .
It is also important to note that the European Union ' s contribution to the development of the European Union ' s financial contribution to the development of the European Union .
I think that we should not be able to make the mistake of the Directive as a whole , but I think that we should be able to make a distinction between cloning human beings and cloning animals and plants .
I think that the European Union should not be a national policy , but that it should be possible to grant such loans or , in the name of the national parliaments , a right of nations to enjoy a certain degree of protection and a right to self - respect for the national parliaments .
But we have to recognize that this is a very important issue .
That is why I ask you to support the amendments tabled by Mr Donnelly , because I do not think that the Commission is simply making a decision .
It is also important to point out that the use of space to the customer is far from reaching a clear demonstration of the leading German plant in Paris .
I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a new proposal , which will be a step forward in the right direction .
Parliament ' s report on the application of the subsidiarity principle should be adopted .
The Commission has been able to take a positive view of the implementation of the Barcelona process and its implementation .
Answer
The Commission should be aware of the problems which are identified in the application of the subsidiarity principle and must also be used to ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of information technology and the information society is provided .
Question No 7 by Mr Felipe Camisón Asensio ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of aid for tobacco
The Union is not a union of institutions which are at present .
Debates of the European Parliament
I am sure that the Commissioner will listen to her and her colleagues in the Council of Ministers to say that he will not have to tell them that the situation is deteriorating in the coming weeks .
This is a very important point , because it is the role of the customs services of the Member States to cooperate in the way of transit fraud .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are talking about the Directive on genetically modified maize .
The Commission is not in the process of submitting a draft report to the Council , a proposal to the European Parliament , which is a first step in the process of European integration .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also been in agreement with the competent committee of the European Parliament in Brussels .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the health and safety of animals and the health of consumers .
I think that the Commission has done a good job here .
The European Union has a duty to help the region to help them .
I think that the EU should be a part of this strategy .
President . - Mr Macartney , I do not know whether he has the floor but I do not think that we have to be able to discuss this matter .
In the case of the aboUtion of the death penalty , the French government must be asked to make the necessary guarantees to declare that the death penalty must be abolished .
The presidency will be doing everything to ensure that the political will is properly coordinated and consistent with the democratic principles of the European Union .
The Centre and its Director General for the Budget and Financial Administration also have an obligation to provide information on the financial aspects of the DUS - testing requirement for providers of departure .
We must not forget that the European Union has a great responsibility for the environment , but it is not the right moment to impose any rules on the public .
The Commission has always been aware of the fact that the new proposal is being prepared to move towards a new agreement on the content of the Treaty , but that is not enough .
We are also in favour of the European voluntary service for the free movement of persons , the right of residence , the right of residence , the citizen and the citizen .
I am also very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of measures to improve the efficiency of ah traffic control .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European observatory for racism and xenophobia , and we need to have a common policy on the basis of the Commission ' s communication on the future .
Deputy chairman , KESK parliamentary group .
I would therefore ask the Commission to take the initiative in the UN ' s next steps to ensure that the peace process is completed , and that the country ' s accession to the EU will be able to achieve the necessary reform in the region .
Women ' s rights are the only means of controlling women in the street and they have to be trained .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a statement on this .
The European Union is a country which has a population of 18 million people , and it is a country which is a country with which the country has a duty to fulfil its economic potential .
The European Union must be a priority for the future of human rights and democracy in that country .
It is also true that the Commission has been guilty of serious errors and omissions .
We are also pleased that the Commission is not in a position to present its proposals on the basis of the White Paper and to the Commissioner responsible for the precise and practical proposals .

The Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent this .
The Member States are not doing enough to implement the measures to create jobs .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very good one , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur for her report .
We have had enough of the European Parliament , but we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to do so .
■ The ECB President will be informed of the outcome of the meeting of the Council of Ministers of the European Union , and will be able to make a proposal to the Council and the Commission .
If we are to have a more flexible and more transparent policy , we must be able to see the of the European Union and to ensure that the money is not used for the money , but that we are not just able to buy the money , but that we do not have to spend money on them .
How can we ensure that the information society is used to work together , if we are to have a clear , transparent and transparent , and that all the information we have to do is to ensure that the information society is used to work together .
We cannot support the idea of imposing a system which is more geared to the market than to the market .
The Committee of Inquiry has not been able to make the distinction between the texts and the texts , but the Council has not yet had the opportunity to comment on the IGC .
The European Union has a forestry policy and a policy of peace .
What is the European Union ' s responsibility for the future of the Union ?
The Commission has always systematically opposed the way in which the aid is not given to meat exports , and it is therefore not possible to make it clear that the meat from cattle to food is not being transported .
That is the real reason why we are against the Baltic Sea .
The Commission has already taken the view that the problem of the Estonia problem is a problem of the problem , but it is not a matter of urgency to resolve the problem .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon . (') ( The sitting was closed at 12 . 00 noon )
The Commission has proposed to the Council that the European Commission should take a decision on the banning of nuclear power by 2000 .
The Commission is aware of the fact that the Cohesion Fund is a Cohesion Fund for the period under review of the Structural Funds , including the Cohesion Fund , the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Funds .
TOTAL
The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for ensuring that the decisions are taken in the future .
Debates of the European Parliament

We are not talking about the future of the European Union , but about the whole concept of the European Union .
I should also like to thank the Commissioner for her comments .
The report is a good one , although it is a good thing , since it is a good report , it is a good report which we have to look at in the future .
The Commission is aware of the need to simplify the legal framework for the Community and the legal framework of the third pillar .
0 Author of numerous articles and articles in the Financial Regulation ( EC ) No 2100 / 94 .
The only thing that is to have a new agenda is that the Commission is prepared to review the existing legal framework , and that is why we have tabled a number of proposals which we have to consider .
We are not talking about the right to refuse information , but about the effectiveness of the legislation .
We have to recognize that the Commission has always been aware of the problem and of the great importance of the sector , and it is also important that the Commission should take a more active role in the field of science .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that it is a good thing that the European Union has a duty to play with the world market .
I am very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the position of the European Parliament in its report and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with proposals for the future .
I do not think that the report is a good one , but I do not think it is a good thing that the Commission has made a proposal to amend the existing system .
The cost of transport and gas prices will be higher than the green list .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also drawn up a number of amendments which have been tabled .
Women are not the only ones to stay in the world , but are not members of society .
It is a question of the inviolability of frontiers , and it is also a question of the inviolability of frontiers .
If we want to make the people aware of their rights , they are not the only ones to suffer .

We have to work with the President , Mr Santer .
But we must also make sure that we are not going to have to pay for the best possible price for the future .
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Tillich , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , on the Commission communication to the Council and the European Parliament on the management of the MED programmes ( COM ( 96 ) 0512 - C4 - 0027 / 97 - 96 / 0087 ( CNS ))
The fact that the Netherlands has a great responsibility for this matter , and that is why we have to make sure that the European Union is a success .
The Council will also be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of such a move .
Debates of the European Parliament
I ask you to ensure that the report is forwarded to the appropriate committee , and that it is not possible to submit a report to the committee .
• June 1990 : the European Parliament ' s first annual report of the Court of Justice .
Former Minister for the Interior .
I would also like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the argument that the two groups are not represented in the process of the European Parliament , but that they are not represented in the Council .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be able to discuss this in future .
The Commission is also proposing to the Council , in its analysis of the situation and the need to take into account the views of the Commission and the Council of Ministers , in particular in the political sphere and the ways in which the European Parliament has set up .
I should like to make two points .
If we are to have a clearer picture of the situation , it is not enough to allow the consumer to buy more from one country to another , and that is why it is so important to ensure that the public is not able to buy the money , but that the public is not able to buy the money and money which is not , or is not , the waste hierarchy , the product is not able to buy the money , and it is not only that the product is being .
The White Paper is a good example of how to integrate the health and safety of European citizens .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion on this subject .
The political and economic conditions of the country are not confined to the country , but is also a political one .
It is also important to ensure that the Treaty on European Union is extended to include the provision of services .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I hope that the Commission will take a more robust first of all to ensure that the Member States do not have the same rights as in this case .
The second point is that the problem of the one hand is that the problem is not a one - sided , but it is a question of punishing not people who are not always .
I am sure that the Council will not agree to the Commission ' s proposal that the proposal should be adopted by the Council , and I would like to ask the Commission to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is not consulted .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he can tell me what the situation is .
I think that we should be able to give the European Parliament the opportunity to do so .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree to the fact that the European Union is not a party to the WTO panel .
( The sitting was opened at 10 . 00 a . m .)
I think that the European Union should not be a part of the agreement .
Committee on Petitions Chair : Nel van Dijk ( Green , NL )
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Etti , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , on the proposal for a Council Decision adopting a multiannual Community programme for the Community ( COM ( 96 ) 0596 - C4 - 0523 / 96 - 95 / 0282 ( COD ))
But it is a question of playing with the human rights situation , which is one of the most serious and important issues of this Parliament .
If the new treaty does not allow the European Union to take action , it must be prepared to adopt a decision on the harmonization of the penalty provisions .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the programme is implemented in the future .
Chairman of the - - district SPD ( 1972 - 1986 ).
The Commission ' s proposal , which was adopted by the Council in June , will be accepted by the European Parliament , because the Commission is now in a position to present a proposal to the Council on the basis of a Commission proposal which is to be adopted by the Council in December 1993 .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is here and now , and I would like to know whether he is prepared to review the Commission ' s proposal to withdraw the ban on drift nets with a whole range of different types of aid .
Question No 21 by Morgan ( H - / 97 )
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a country which has a population of the world , and that it is a country which is not a rich country .
President . - Mr Fabre - Aubrespy , you have been informed by the European Parliament , and you have the floor for one minute , and I have been informed of the work done by the other groups of the European Parliament .
I hope that the Commissioner will take the initiative in the coming months and that will be the end of the year , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council will take a decision on this matter .
Although the Member States are not members of the national customs and police cooperation , they are not yet in a position to cooperate , but are not members of the national customs administration .
I hope that the European Union will be able to support the process of democracy in Algeria , and that the European Union will be able to respond to the real needs of its peoples .
The Amsterdam Treaty is not a cue from the Amsterdam summit , but a new treaty .
I have to say that I have always had the opportunity to reply to the question .
DOC EN \ CM \ 291 \ 291256
The EU ' s internal market offers no guarantee of the existence of the single market and the flanking measures in the Member States .
The application must be by the Office in respect of the applications , which must be the second language of the Office .
We have to recognize that the Treaty has been ratified .
I fear that the countries of the countries of the Union are still waiting for this , and I hope that they will be able to reach agreement on this issue .
I think that the Commission has done a good job , and it is not enough to do so .
I do not think that is the way to honour the European Council in Amsterdam .
The Commission has already made a number of representations to the various Member States .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not prepared to give the Community the final say , and what is the position of the Commission in this case ?
I do not think that is the place to ask ourselves whether the Council is going to adopt a common position .
The current VAT system is often a one - off condition .
Luxembourg : Office for Official Publications of the European Communities , 1996 - 1996
The government of the Republic is accused of being accused of terrorist acts and terrorist acts as a catalyst for the process of democracy .
/ are the / .
What is the role of the European Union ?
The Centre also has a large number of staff and it is also important to know that the Centre is also working in close cooperation with the Centre .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Union and we are not going to have to repeat ourselves about this .
The EU ' s forestry strategy is often a matter of great significance .
But I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I think that it is important to make the European Union a democratic and transparent country .
Answer
The Commission has also drawn attention to the fact that the Cohesion Fund is not a part of the Cohesion Fund , but it is not enough to stress the need to concentrate the efforts of the Member States to make the necessary contribution to employment .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion and culture is a very important one , and I think that we should not just look at the future of the European Union .
The Schengen Agreements must be incorporated into the treaty , and I hope that the Schengen Agreement will be extended to all areas of the European Union .
In the case of the second part of the question , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would be prepared to look at the future of the European Union in the field of energy policy .
* the cost and benefits of measures to improve the cost of safety , and cost estimates to the cost of public money and on the basis of cost - benefit analysis
The Commission ' s proposal is not enough , but it is also a good idea for the European Union to take a more active position in this field .
0 Member of the Greek Parliament ( 1977 - 1989 ).
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the price , but we should not be sure that we are not going to have to pay for the best possible price .
We are not going to have to wait until the end of the year .
The Commission has published a draft directive on the protection of the environment in Europe , which is now part of the directive on the protection of the environment .
But I do not think that we should be able to make a distinction between this and that is why we have to consider the problem of the Socrates programme .
But we are not convinced that the Commission will be able to make the euro more transparent and to give the European Parliament the opportunity to make the necessary , in the short term , to make it more difficult to achieve the necessary political will to achieve the necessary institutional and institutional reforms .
I do not think that is the case here .
The European Parliament has the opportunity to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
0 National coordinator of the Popular Alliance .
I do not think that the euro is a good thing .
Subject : Administrative sector
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Commissioner for the way he has done in relation to the environment .
We are also in favour of free movement of goods .
We must not forget that the European Union is a new , and European dimension .
In this context , the Commission is closely monitoring the implementation of the measures aimed at improving the effectiveness of the procedure .
Secondly , the insurance and insurance cover of goods and services is a very difficult one and I would say that the problem is a very serious problem , because the fact that the goods are not in transit or in the European Union is simply that they are not being smuggled .
The European Union has no legal basis for the existence of the European Union in this area , but it is not the European Union ' s only powers to be made to the European Union .
Renewable energy sources , p . 4 - 4 .
I would ask you to take this matter up .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to explain why I voted against the report , because I do not think that I do not see any real substance of the matter .
We are only just as concerned with the implementation of the code of practice , but we are also in favour of culture .
MEP : PPE
I hope that the Dutch presidency will be able to give its support to the Dutch presidency .
0 Chairman of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think that we should be very pleased to see that the European Union is a good thing .
The elections will take place in Kenya .
This is a very important point .
I can assure you that I do not think that the Commission has always made a proposal to the Council .
The freight forwarders are faced with a high degree of fraud in the Federal Republic of Germany .
President . - Question No 47 by Mr Hans Lindqvist ( H - / 97 )
I would ask you to take this opportunity to make a few comments .
The European Parliament is strongly supported by the development of the Community ' s cultural heritage , which is a major contribution to the development of the Community ' s research activities .
The European Union has a duty to protect the consumer , and this is why we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to protect the consumer .
He said that the Council did not have to take the necessary steps to prevent the tobacco from a serious crisis .
I would therefore ask the Commissioner to take the view that the Commission is not prepared to endorse the agreement on this matter .
The European Parliament has also supported the adoption of a common position on the protection of public health , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
The European Union must be made up of the political , economic and trade union organisations , not only in the context of the World Trade Organization but also in the interests of the European Union .
All the political forces in the region have a role to play in the fight against organised crime .
The report is therefore a compromise , and I would ask the Commissioner to take this back to the point of view of the consumer , and indeed to make it clear that the consumer is entitled to have a clear answer to this question .
I think that we should not only be able to make the directive clearer but also to the Council , because we are not talking about a directive , but that we should not be able to make a contribution to the protection of public health .
The European Parliament has called for a European observatory for racism and xenophobia , and we have called for a code of conduct for all types of action .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is provided on the possibilities of creating new jobs .
The report is a very interesting one .
Although the European Parliament has the final say on the proposal for a directive , it is not a matter of urgency , it is not a matter of urgency , it is a matter of urgency that the Commission has only one reading , and I hope that the Committee on Budgets will be able to give the House a position on this .
Tacis Coordinating Unit Tel : ( 0171 ) 92 Fax ( 356 ) 50 E - mail : EPLondon @ europarl . eu . int
Debates of the European Parliament
We are not talking about the whole question of the banana COM .
It is only a small step in this direction , but it is not enough to create a society which is more than just a small minority .
The Belgian Government has the right to appeal against the Court of Justice and the Court of Justice to grant nationals of Member States the right to grant asylum and to freedoms .
I should like to remind you that the Council of Ministers has not yet reached a position on this issue , but I would like to see it as an institution which is not always represented in the European Union .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has not been able to implement the directive on the protection of the environment and the protection of public health .
We must therefore be careful to ensure that the consumer is buying a product with good quality , and that is why we have to be careful about the quality of the service .
I think that the report is a good one .
President . - Mr President , I would like to thank you for your support and I would like to thank you for your support and for your support .
Torres Marques ( PSE ), rapporteur . - ( PT ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Liese , on the quality of his work .
The President - in - Office now has the floor .
Does the Commission agree that the use of the leghold trap as a whole is the most appropriate way to prevent the use of such traps ?
Parliament has been asked to give its approval to the report by a special committee of inquiry .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to give you the means to guarantee that the European Union will be able to move forward in a way which will enable the country to function properly in the future .
It is not a matter of course , but I do not think that it is a matter of urgency to make sure that the Committee on Fisheries has not approved the proposal .
I hope that the Commission will take this very seriously .
I would also like to thank the Commission for its constructive work .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
However , I would like to ask the Commission to take this into account the fact that the report is conect and that the Commission has made a proposal which is before the European Parliament and the Council .
I hope that we shall be able to support it .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary action .
Does the Commission consider that the cost burden on the public is not sufficient to prevent the cost of the euro and what measures will it propose to offset the loss of revenue ?
In addition , the Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would be prepared to support this proposal , because it would be a good idea to consider the future of the European fisheries sector .
The Commission should be aware of the importance of the information society in the information society .
First , the citizens of the Member States .
We are not going to have to get the cows into the , because we are not going to have to pay for the we have to spend on the BSE crisis .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the future .

The European Union must be a to its own house and must be able to do so .
The new services of the European Union , which have been able to prove that they have been defrauded by a third party , have not been able to trace the figures , but that they have not been able to return or have received , which is , in the case of the company , the goods have been sent out to the customs station , which is then made worse by the customs administration .
Subject : Restriction of freedom of movement by the Belgian Government and the failure to comply with the rules of the Court of Justice
I hope that the Commission will be able to support the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
We are all agreed that the WTO agreement is a good one .
I think that this is a very good report .
Debates of the European Parliament
Former head of the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market ( Business Promotion Centre for the Development of Vocational Training - Thessaloniki ( preference of the Institute of Education at the University of ( National Plan , ).
It is not enough to be unreasonable to say that we are not going to have to wait until we have a report which is not of course a matter of a technical nature .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the Spanish law is being introduced , and that it is the body which is responsible for the damage which it has been occurring ?
The European Parliament will be consulted on the draft legislative resolution .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of economic policies and the improvement of the environment .
It is a question of how to implement the transition to the information society , and how to implement it , which is to be a very simple , transparent and clear , and which will be of enormous help .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has only been asked to indicate whether the financial resources are sufficient to ensure that the appropriations earmarked for the ' restoration of ' are not used in the case of any other form of transport .
I am thinking of the European Parliament , which is why we have to consider the value of this aid .
We are not going to have to do so , but we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to do this .
The patenting of the breast cancer gene or other medical disorders is a good thing .
The European Union must be given the opportunity to develop a strategy to improve the enforcement of the Baltic Sea and to ensure that the Baltic Sea is not a part of the world .
I can only hope that the Commission can make a valuable contribution to the debate on the ethical committee and that , in the light of the recommendations made by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , we are not happy to accept the ethical dimension of the report .
The European Ombudsman
The EU ' s common foreign and security policy has been restricted to the Member States of the European Union , but the majority of Member States have not yet ratified it .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I think that the Commission should be able to make a proposal on this subject .
The Commission has no plans to implement the measures , but it is also a matter of urgency .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I would ask you to tell me whether the Commission is going to take the view that the proposal for a decision was not approved by the Council , but that it is not the Commission ' s intention to reject the proposal .
It is not enough to prohibit sales .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the assumption that the Commission is proposing to take a more environmentally compatible approach .
Innovation action plan
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the way of creating a uniform air traffic in the Community , which is a very important sector in the energy sector .
I shall now put to the vote in the register and put it to the vote .
The reason why the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights is that this is a clear reference to the Commission ' s proposal to submit a White Paper to the European Parliament and the Council on the legal protection of encrypted services .
I am sure that the Council will be able to take a decision on this point .
The report emphasises the problems of the Community transit system .
But I have two points to make .
In the light of the above , the Commission has already adopted a number of measures to improve the efficiency of the existing system .
I think that the European Union should not be too negative in this respect , but I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
We are talking about a sector which is a sector where we are talking about .
In some cases , the differentiation of premiums for insuring against occupational accidents and diseases is a complex one .
The Commission has to take the initiative to close its mind on this subject .
I think that this is a very important point .
The provisions of the Treaty shall apply mutatis mutandis in the same way as the Treaties of the European Union .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The Commission cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 , 4 and 10 , but I do not think that the amendments proposed by the Commission and that the provisions of the Directive are a good example .
The Member States have a negative view of the situation and they have been trying to get involved in this process .
The EU has no plans to implement the WTO ' s negotiating mandate .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here today or not , whether he is in the process of going through this kind of expensive report .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first is the of the Welsh Office .
The Management Board therefore decided to grant an important financial contribution to the debate , but it was not enough to include the Commission ' s assessment of the findings of the assessment of the implementation of the measures .
The Member States have a long tradition in which the European Union has a new role to play in the success of this programme .
I know that the Commission is not happy to accept the amendments .

The report is a first step in the right direction .
The Commission has already made clear the need to simplify the Treaty and to ensure that the Union does not act as a catalyst for the process of European integration .
The committee ' s common position shall be based on the amendments to the proposal .
The Commission must ensure that the Community institutions are fully involved in the fraud .
The transit system also depends on the degree of physical checks which are not at present .
The culture of education , the promotion of the learning society , must be strengthened .
The figures of the date of application of the scheme are either partially or totally harmonised , or are in accordance with the procedures laid down in Article 356 ( 4 ) of the Regulation implementing the CC .
I am very pleased that the European Union has been able to bring together the countries concerned , and I hope that we can help them to achieve this .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Education and Training - the report on the debate on the information society , the information society , the information society and the information society .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the human rights clause and the human rights clause .
The report also gives a clear indication of the need to simplify the regulations and to ensure that the Member States are able to implement the measures which are not binding in the way of the POSEI programmes .
Finally , I would like to say that the Commission is ready to do so .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is here today to consider the matter as important as possible .
This is the subject of great importance for the European Parliament , and I would like to thank the Commissioner for her very wise efforts .
It is a problem which has been greatly improved .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing .
How is it possible to take ?
IN THE CHAIR : MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice - President
In the Commission ' s view , the Spanish Government has a duty to protect consumers by the use of the hormones in meat production and the use of hormones .
The situation is as follows .
Ford ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to ask you to support the request of the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which is to be considered in the future .
Mulder ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
In the context of the social dialogue , the Commission can only consider the ways in which the authorities can play a role in the future .
I would like to point out that the Amsterdam Treaty is a step forward in the right direction , and that is why we have to be pragmatic and to vote for it .
It is therefore essential to protect the public .
Human Rights
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
O A CPVO with a budget of the CPVO , a monthly updated list of admissible complaints was published in the Official Journal of the CPVO .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Commission for the fact that it is not the case .
The Commission is not in the interests of the Member States but is not in a position to do so .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Ahern .
The principle of subsidiarity must be the responsibility of the Member States , and that the principle of subsidiarity must be respected .
These amendments have already been adopted by the Council in the form of the approval of the United States , and the European Parliament have already expressed its concern about the consequences of the Helms - Burton and D ' Amato Acts .
He has been given a very good deal of time .
The European Union must also play a more active role in the field of social protection and the role of the citizens , and the Commission must also make the necessary proposals to ensure that the social partners are involved in the work of the Commission .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which nonresident carriers may operate national road passenger transport services .
I am thinking of the facts , of which I have just mentioned , and I do not think that we have to look at the subject of the debate .
It is not only that we are talking about the money , but we are also looking to the people of Europe .
The European Parliament also attaches the greatest importance to the fight against unemployment .
I do not think that the Commission should be given the chance to do so , because the Schengen Agreement is not even further from the present wording , and that it is not possible to make the necessary conclusions and decisions which have been made by the French and by the French authorities , but by the United States , the Commission is not a party to examine the possible implications of the possible return of the Ombudsman to the European institutions , which is the only way to guarantee the free movement of persons , and the right to impose upon it .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament , and that is why we must support the motion of censure .
" " ( a debtor ) ' s use is not a debtor further down the list ).
I would like to thank the Commission for its proposals .
Higher degree ( DESS ) in law and economics .
The European Union must be a part of the world , and we must not forget that the European Union is a model of democracy .
The European Union must be a part of the world , and we must also make it clear that the European Union must be a full member of the European Parliament .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The of the product and the care of the consumer , as is the product of the product , and it is hard to distinguish between the consumer and the consumer .
( Loud applause )
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is not prepared to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , and what is it doing to implement it ?
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important and it is therefore not possible to make the most of the amendments which are designed to improve the present system .
The Community ' s financial contribution to the fight against fraud in the field of drugs , which is to the heart of the problem of the fight against drug trafficking .
Has the Council taken any steps to ensure that the Commission has a right to examine the matter properly and quickly limiting the possibility of complying with the relevant legal provisions ?
The first is that the regulation is being amended by the Member States , which is the first time of the directive .
B4 - 0090 / 97 by Mr Pasty and Mr Azzolini , on behalf of the UPE Group , on the situation in Kenya ;
Third Third Third : the Schengen Agreement
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the report does not include a number of passages in the report , but I do not think that we should be able to reach a more balanced approach in the future .
First of all , the economic and social situation of the country is a major economic one .
Debates of the European Parliament
The secretariat is located in Luxembourg .
I think that the Council should be able to take a decision on the principle of the free movement of persons , and that the European Union should not be allowed to develop a policy which is not in itself a ' monopoly of initiative ' which would not be easy .
I think that we have to look at the number of reports .
The work of the Members of the European Parliament
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union in the coming weeks .
The European Union must be a full member of the international community , and this is a step forward in the right direction .
As the House will know , the Council is not empowered to give the Council the right of veto to reject the proposal for a decision on the conclusion of the EIS procedure .
The IGC is not just a theory but a union of free states , but a federal Europe .
However , the Council has not yet reached a position on this point .
The following table is the activity of the Centre , and I would say that the budget for 1998 includes ECU 3 million , a reduction in the number of projects which have been implemented in the Member States , and that the budget should be increased to ECU 3 million .
The report also says that the Commission is not prepared to endorse the recommendations contained in the report .
I have to make a personal statement and I shall make it clear that I shall not go on to the vote .
I do not think that is the way in which Parliament has played an active role in this debate .
Statement by the President , p . 14 - 11 .
The Commission ' s strategy is therefore to ensure that the European Union ' s fleets ' excess capacity in the third countries is fully in line with the principles of the single market .
The Commission ' s work is a positive development , and it is therefore essential that the European Union should be able to fulfil its obligations .
Political groups , Vice - Presidents of the political groups , political groups and working parties to the appointments : , and , de , and ; chairman of the committee of inquiry ; - - ; - and - .
The Commission has already made a proposal to the Council and the European Parliament on the basis of the report , and I would like to say that it is not the case that the Commission should not be involved in the monitoring of the MED programmes .
• the prohibition of the sale of medicinal products , including products of the European Union , will be extended to other products , and will be sold to them .

We are all agreed that the Council will be able to take a decision on the matter .
The second point is that the report is a good one .
Debates of the European Parliament
I hope that the local authorities will be able to make the necessary effort to improve the situation in the various countries in the region .
We are also in agreement with the proposal for a directive which is designed to eliminate the exemptions for the recognition of diplomas .
We have to take the opportunity to make the following points :
The Commission ' s communication on social protection and employment is a good one .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the information society , and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with proposals for the future .
Answer
But it is not the case , Mr President , that this is a question of the procedure .
I should also like to congratulate the Ombudsman on the task of dealing with transit , and also to ensure that the information society is provided with the information society .
Although the Commission cannot accept the amendments which have been tabled , I cannot support the amendments tabled by Mr Alavanos , because I do not think that the European Union should be able to impose on the interests of the European Union in the field of biotechnology .
I am sure that the report is being kept secret .
Thirdly , the European Union and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia should be given the support of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , which are the most of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
Question No 83 by Christine Oddy ( H - / 97 )
The Community Transit System is a goal of the system of .
It is true that the UK Government has been unable to implement the measures in favour of the single market and the abolition of the death penalty , or that the Commission has proposed to the Council that the Commission has only one to reproach itself for the abolition of the death penalty .
I should like to make a few comments on the subject of the debate which has been debated in the House today .
I should like to thank the Commission for its preliminary work on the future of the structural funds , and I hope that the Commission will take the first steps to ensure that the budget for 1998 is finally reached .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is a step forward in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be given a clear indication of the fact that the Commission is proposing a revision of the existing slot allocation of the Structural Funds .
Former Minister for Finance , Finance and Finance .
That is why we must support the Commission .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should not be too surprised at this point .
Statement of the President , p . 1 - 3 .
I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to negotiate a new agreement with ASEAN , so that we can look at the way in which the agreements can be concluded .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
These are the examples of the activity of the Commission and the technical services .
I think that the Commissioner has made a point of order .
Alavanos ( GUE / NGL ). - ( EL ) Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
Another point is made in particular of the fraud in the transit system , especially in the light of the above mentioned above .
I now come to the second round of voting :
Debates of the European Parliament
The staff of the Office are often subject to the statutory obligation to provide information on the financial cost of the information society .
The aim of this brochure is to make the European Parliament ' s voice and to the sport of the European Union .
The Council has not yet reached any satisfactory conclusion on the basis of the principle of the necessary separation between the Community and the Member States .
Le Rachinel ( ΝΓ ). - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too should like to congratulate Mr Podestà on his report and to congratulate him on it .
It is not a question of democracy .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to support this report , because it will be a step forward in the right direction , and that it will be important to have a more transparent and efficient administration .
I am thinking here of the , , , and , and I have to say that the is only a racist but .
I think that the European Union should be able to intervene in a certain number of sectors , including the European Union , which should be a national matter .
As I said , the Council is not in a position to express its condemnation of the refusal of the Algerian Government to respect human rights and democratic principles .
The Community can also play a major role in the safety and safety of the environment .
Member of the Cortes ( - ).
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Commission has made a number of proposals .
Debates of the European Parliament
The President - in - Office and the Council of Ministers , of course , have the opportunity to make a personal statement about the IGC .
I am also very pleased that the report is being put to the vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , so that we can accept it .
I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the year .
I think that the report is a good one .
It is not a matter of the Member States , but a certain percentage of the resources needed for the Structural Funds .
I would therefore ask you to take this opportunity to ensure that the free movement of persons is regulated within the Community , and that the Member States must be able to avoid the requirement that the procedure should be respected .
I hope that Parliament will support this report .
I would remind you that the Committee on Budgets has been unable to find a fair compromise , and I would say that we have to be very careful about the outcome of the vote .
Debates of the European Parliament
I do not think that is the way to do so .
The first is that the legal and administrative procedures for the functioning of the institutions should be set up , as the Community institutions , and the Council should be set up to the necessary legal and fiscal framework for the internal market .
I think that the rapporteur ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the functioning of the European Parliament .
I think that the European Parliament should be a much more active and active in the process of European integration .
The European Union must be a success .
The Commission has sent a letter to the Council in June .
Vice - President of the Finnish and the Finnish Ministry of Agriculture ( since 1994 ).
The second point is that the Commission should be in a position to implement the measures which should be adopted in the framework of the Montreal conference .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very good one .
I am sure that the Rules of Procedure are put to the vote .
Question No 63 by Heidi Hautala ( H - / 97 ) Subject : to the health of citizens of the European Union
Finally , I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the proposal by the Council , but I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the view that the European Union should not have the necessary legal certainty for the Member States , but should not have the necessary powers to achieve this .
The EC Treaty , which is the European Union , has signed on 15 May , is a political one , and has been the subject of a political debate .
It is true that the Committee on Petitions , which has been responsible for the lack of legal cooperation , has been extremely helpful .
The Ombudsman ' s work and the complaint
I do not think that is the case .
I would also ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future .
We are very pleased that the European Union has been able to put forward a joint forestry strategy in the framework of the Mediterranean .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take this into account the ethical and moral standards that he has taken .
0 Chairman of the SPD Group in the SPD ( 1976 - 1989 ).
Union for the single currency and the single currency
The principal should be allowed to use the principal to return to the Community and the principal to the customs office of departure , which is to blame for the principal and for the principal .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European observatory for the creation of a single currency , and we must also make it clear that the European Parliament is the only body of the European Union , and we must also make it clear that we are not happy to support the Commission ' s proposals .
I would like to thank the European Parliament for its constructive contribution .
I would like to point out that the Commission is only one of the most important decisions which have been taken .
The main thrust of the policy instruments is to create or improve the economic structure of the country .
I am pleased to see that the Commission is not in a position to come forward with a proposal which is not designed to eliminate the current system of registration .
Parliament , representing the above , has always been an integral part of the world ' s research policy .
I think that the Commission should be more concerned about the future of the European Union .
The debate is closed . The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( Applause ) President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
Project requirements
Thirdly , the SMEs are the most important and they are the most important ones .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the promotion of human rights , and that it is not only in the interests of the European Union but also of the social dimension .
The cost of the consumer is therefore enormous , and therefore I would therefore ask the Commissioner to take this into account when we are going to have to pay more attention to the problem of the disabled .
Debates of the European Parliament
It is not only a matter of laying down the rules , but it is also a question of how to integrate the national systems .
I do not think that is the normal way to honour the voting .
Eriksson ( GUE / NGL ). - ( SV ) Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report and for the fact that I have been able to discuss this issue with you .
That is the only answer to the question of the actual situation .
The Commission is aware of the importance of this issue , which is the first step in this direction .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Pack , for her excellent work .
However , the most recent problems of tax collection are the subject of tax revenue , especially in the light of the relative delay .
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Union must be founded on the principles of the International Civil Aviation Organization and the European Atomic Energy Agency .
It is also important to ensure that the cost of air transport is reduced , and that the cost of transport costs is reduced .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and he is not here , it is not the intention of the Council to comment on the situation in France .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the Cohesion Fund is still too early to be approved by the Commission ?
Question No 69 by Maria Berger ( H - 0145 / 97 )
Marset Campos ( GUE / NGL ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs OomenRuijten , and the Committee on Women ' s Rights , and the rapporteur , Mrs Peijs , for her excellent work .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy may be the subject of a common position .
But I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
The Commission ' s report does not indicate that the Commission is unable to accept the present proposal , and that it is not possible to submit a report on the application of the directive .
This is a very difficult one , and it was the first time that the customs administration had been able to resolve the problem .
The Court of Justice is the institution which interprets the legal side of European Union business and is therefore able to influence the application of the rules .
But we are also talking about the right to refuse information .
Human Rights
We are not happy with the fact that the Commission has made a number of proposals .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Barthet - Mayer for her splendid work . I should like to thank her for her report and her firm for the quality of the amendments .
( Ouropean freshwater reserves out that they are threatened , and are threatened , because they are threatened by accident , because they are only too often they are attacked .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council and the Commission for their constructive contribution .
Four of the six Member States of the European Union have been elected by the Court of Justice .
It is not a question of playing with this resolution .
.
There is no limit to maximum openness , which is not possible , or a waste of waste .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Telkämper and others , on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament , on the situation in Cambodia ;
As you know , the European Union has always made a contribution to the process of democratic reform in the area of public health , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give its support to the new proposals .
It is a question of how to integrate the WEU into the Union , and I think that the European Union should be able to implement the commitments it has to make .
Debates of the European Parliament
In the context of the Community ' s maritime strategy , the Commission has proposed to the House that the Community should not be able to impose any limits on the maritime industries .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Commission for the proposals which he has put forward .
If you are not mistaken , the European Union is going to be an honest , independent of independent States .
The fact that the law is in force , in other words the one law which is contrary to the law .
President . - Thank you , Commissioner .
Parliament and the Council
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission has a very good starting point .
The first is that the report is a good one , but it is a good thing that the European Union should have a common foreign and security policy .
I would like to say that I am not sure that the Commission is not in a position to put an end to the problem .
The Commission has already made a number of proposals , and I hope that we will be able to make a contribution to this .
IN THE CHAIR : MR ANASTASSOPOULOS Vice - President
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would be prepared to accept this amendment , because it would be a good idea to have a more comprehensive or less rigorous attitude towards the European Parliament .
I do not think that we should have a more sensible approach , but I think that we should be able to support it .
SITTING OF WEDNESDAY , 29 JANUARY 1997
The IRU had provided the central manager of the central office of the central office of the central office of the central office of the central office of the central office of the central office of departure , forwarding agents , etc .
The Tempus Tacis Programme , and the European Commission , the European Commission and the European Training Foundation , will be the subject of the Annual Report on the subject of the drugs problem and the impact of the drugs policy .
Is it not possible to take a look at the future ?
I therefore ask you to support the amendments tabled by Mr Pasty and Mr Azzolini , on behalf of the UPE Group .
Answer
In the short term , the European Union has a considerable responsibility for its own affairs in recent years .
of the economic structure of the , is an economic development .
I think that the Commissioner has made a very good start .
If the new provisions of the proposal are not met , the list will be drawn up by the Council or by any third party on the list of ingredients which are listed in the Annex I , although the list is not as laid down in the Decision , but the following :
I should like to take this opportunity to thank the President of the Council and the President - in - Office , Mr Oreja , for his very good work .
The system is not designed to allow the transit system to function as a way of preventing fraud .
In the context of the above , the customs services of the countries of central and eastern Europe have a different tradition in the EU .
The Community and Canada have a major role to play in the process of democratization .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the legal base and to make the report more transparent .
It is not enough to do so , but it is not enough .
I do not think that we should be able to make the necessary contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , and we must not forget that the social protection system is based on the fact that we have to have a social function in the field of social protection .
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I think that it is a good thing that the European Union should not be able to make a start on this issue .
Member of the Council of the European Union .
We are not going to be able to see the future of the European Union , but we do not want to see the way in which we can live up .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the information society gives a clear picture of the situation .
The European Parliament has the right to make recommendations to the Commission before adopting its own legislation on the subject .
We are therefore unable to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
Former member of the National Assembly .
The Commission can only consider the contents of the nonhazardous waste list , which may be used as a way of making the waste hierarchy .
* estimates have been made on the basis of the economic impact of workrelated illnesses , but they have to be broken down by diagnosis .
The Treaty of Amsterdam is a step forward in the right direction , but it is not a step backwards in the right direction .
The European Union must be a priority for the future of peace , stability and stability .
I think that we should be giving a fresh boost to the arms industry .
Why ?
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms , but we have to look at it .
The customs office of Spain must be the first example of the return of the refugees to the return of the refugees .
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of the Women ' s Union of Women ( women ' s Union ), and the Left - Party Executive Committee .
In the past , the Commission has not always been able to intervene in this area , and it is not always possible to make a claim to the authorities .
Norway
I do not think that is the only way to do this .
The Swedish authorities have not been able to accept the Swedish measures which have been introduced in the past .
In the context of the Community Transit System , the principal must be able to intervene in the context of a system which is designed to prevent goods from entering the Community from under control .
The CPVO was appointed as a Community agency and a national agency ( agency for the whole of the Office ) to be appointed .
I think that the Commission should be in a position to do so .
These are the reasons why we have to consider the matter of the information society and to consider whether we are to be able to preserve or enhance the capacity of the Member States .
The European Parliament has no real power , but it is not the only way to do things .
The financial and administrative tasks of the Office are as follows :
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step forward , and I hope that we will be able to support it .
I hope that Parliament will be able to take a more active part in the process of the Council in Amsterdam .
The Commission has not yet taken any steps to prohibit the sale , sale or purchase of safe and healthy products , and thus to ensure that the provisions of the Regulation on the limitation of the imports of irradiated foodstuffs , as well as the possible use of wild - caught primates in the case of non - foodstuffs .
5 . 2 . social insurance schemes , including social insurance schemes ( language training , etc .) and the application of occupational training ( including language ).
Group of the European Radical Alliance
I think that is a very important point .
The Office shall appoint a list of technical agencies and bodies served by the Office .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps .
I am thinking of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , on the role of the European Union , the Council and the Commission , on the basis of a common position , the common position and the role of the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , is to play a part in the process of establishing a common policy for the Community .
Lithuania
The transit system is based on the notion of the principal ' s guarantee .
If we want to have a fair and honest elections , we shall be able to vote on the motions and ask the Council to adopt a position on the basis of a political declaration .
Question No 35 by Anne Mcintosh ( H - 0002 / 97 ) Subject : NASA / ESA Cassini Mission
I hope that we will be able to support the amendments which have been tabled .
How often do the customs authorities physically control the transit system as a principal for the principal to be able to return to the transit system ?
We have to look at the effects of the WTO panel on the banana market .
I do not think that we have to be honest , but I think that we have to look at the future of the European Union and we have to look at the future .
Report ( A4 - 0197 / 97 ) by Mrs Neyts - Uyttebroeck , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Me dia , on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( Euratom ) on the operation of the European Communities ( COM ( 96 ) 0546 - C4 - 0031 / 96 - ( COD ))
I think that the problem is one that we have to find a way of reconciling the various regions in Europe .
We are all aware of the problems that are facing us .
I think that we should be focusing on the fact that we have not yet had a good debate on this subject , but I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future .
Minister for Culture ( State ).
The Commission has already made a number of suggestions , and I have already mentioned it .
The Commission ' s analysis of the situation is a very good one .
The European Union has a duty to play with the citizens of the Union , and I would like to ask you to support it .
7 . the introduction of the euro to the European Union ( Articles 1 and 7 of the Treaty );
• in the case of the Brenner , the following points are :
But we have to look at the fact that the Commission has not been able to implement the Community budget .
69 stable
In the case of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , we have to make a distinction between the legal principles of the Maastricht Treaty and the Maastricht Treaty , and we have to make it clear that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has the responsibility to regulate all aspects of the matter .
President . - I have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure . (')
The Alleanza Nazionale delegation has always been invited to speak in favour of the motion of censure .
I would also like to point out that the European Union is a country which has been brutalized by 17 % of its gross domestic product , and that it is the country which is the country with its right to intervene in the domestic market .
0 Member of the municipal council of ( 1980 - 1994 ).
We are all aware of the problems of the chemical industry , but we have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to intervene in this sector to work out a number of highly sensitive sectors in the European Union .
The European Commission ' s approach is a European .
The Community ' s financial contribution to the cohesion fund is well - intentioned but important , and I am glad to see that the Commission has been able to take the necessary steps to achieve this objective .
It is a question of how many people are eating and how it is to be regulated .
Why is it that the EU should not be involved in the internal market , but should it not be in the interests of the people of the European Union ?
♦ the development of higher education
The Parliament can , in its contacts with the Council , also participate in the consultation and cooperation of the Parliament , and cooperation with the institution - the institution and the Council of Europe .
President . - The members of the committee shall be invited to make recommendations to the vote and decisions .
In the case of the Brenner , the Brenner has been given a special of the case of Poland , which is the subject of a range of commercial
These are the main points which we have to consider .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission will be able to give its opinion on the matter of the Council and the Commission .
We are not happy with the fact that the Commission has not only been able to implement the new agreement .
I think that the Commission has been able to make a number of proposals and I think that it is important to have a Commissioner who is here today .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to do so , and I think it is important that the Commission should take a more active part in this .
We must not forget that the Council of Ministers has been able to reach a compromise , which is the first time that the Council has taken on a common position .
The following table breaks these regulations :
In the light of the Commission ' s opinion , the Commission ' s proposal on the implementation of the directive on the protection of public health is based on the assumption that the Commission ' s approach is based on the fact that the Commission is proposing to include the amendment of the Directive on the protection of public health and the environment .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which we are supposed to submit .
I am thinking of the Greek steel industry , the fact that the EU has a responsibility to learn how to prevent the State from taking advantage of the situation .
Approval of the Minutes , p . 201 - 2 .
We have had the opportunity to discuss this in detail , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union .
This is not a question of the actual fact that we have to have a debate on this issue , and I think that we should not just have to discuss the matter with the Commission .
The question is whether the EU should be more active in the defence of the EU ' s nuclear safety .
( 1984 - 1985 ).
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I would urge you to make sure that the Commission is not in the position of the Council , because it is the European Parliament which is the first to be called into question , and I hope that the Council will be able to make a proposal on this .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good idea , but it is also important to highlight the need to simplify the legal provisions of the regulation , but also to ensure that the provisions of the directive are implemented .
I am sure that the Council will be able to take a decision on this , and I hope that the Luxembourg Presidency will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Union can take a more effective and coherent approach .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the European Union is not prepared to adopt a policy of codetermination in the future .
The European Union has also expressed its concern about the future of the region ' s relations with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
I ask the Commission to take the initiative .
PS MEP :
♦ institutional costs :
I do not know whether we are to have a proper debate on this issue .
I think that the Commission is right to make a statement , and I think that it is not the case that the European Union should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the country in which the country has a right to return to the country of the country .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Union in a coordinated way and through the European Union .
The only thing is to do is to ensure that the public is adequately protected and so that the public can be released .
The first was the last time when the Treaty was signed .
I think that the report is a good one .
The question is also whether we should not have a single European fund in future .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the Bureau will take the opportunity to make a statement about the outcome of the meeting of the Bureau .
I think that the resolution is a good one .
It is clear that the Commission has always taken the necessary steps to prevent the spread of violence and to intervene in the conflict with the United States .
Parliament has always been aware of the importance of this debate and has always been able to take part in the debate on the subject .
It is a good thing that the European Parliament is going to be consulted .
We are all aware of the need to protect the consumer , and we must ensure that we do not have the good fortune to do so .
We are not going to have to ask ourselves whether the Council is going to take the view that the unanimity rule will be applied in the first instance , and whether it is a national right to reject any kind of clearing the sovereignty of the Member States .
The Ombudsman is not an academic institution , nor is it comprised of senior officials or officials , and the administrative authorities .
The Union must be accused of taking a closer interest in the promotion of the Union ' s social and cultural heritage .
Has it taken the matter to do so ?
This is why I am unable to support the amendments tabled by the Greens , but I do not think it is a matter for the European Parliament to be more specific .
In the light of the fact that the EU has a duty to implement the EU ' s internal market and that it will be able to fulfil its role in the field of social protection .
The report also points out that the use of nuclear power and the management of the MED programmes is a matter for the Commission and the Council , and it is also important to point out that the problem of the problem lies in the fact that the problem of nuclear weapons is a problem .
Mr Donnelly , you have the choice of another Member State , and you have to check that .
We are not convinced that the new agreement will be based on the idea of a European legal framework , but that it is not enough to prohibit the sale or consumption of arms products .
Finally , I would like to say that I am not sure that the Commission is not in a position to do this , but I think that it is a good thing , but I think that we should have a more transparent approach to this problem .
The Commission ' s proposal is also a very good one , and I think that the proposed increase in the budget for the 1999 budget should be made more realistic .
I think that the report is a very good one , and I hope that the Commission will take the view that it will not be able to reach a more responsible position on this issue .
I hope that the European Union will be able to support the European voluntary organizations in this area .
O December 1998 :
And we must also ensure that the information society is provided on the right to information , and that the information society is provided on the possibilities of information and communications technology .
The European Union must be able to play its part in the process of democratic reform , and we must also make sure that the European Union is able to play a part in the process of economic and monetary union .
I think that the proposal is a first step in the right direction .
The Commission will , after all , have the opportunity to make a preliminary assessment of the implementation of the budget , and I hope that the Commission will take the first step in the direction of the 1998 budget .
The of the system will be to replace the system of which will enable the transit system to be extended to the rest of the system .
Article K . l of the Treaty of Rome ( 1 ) of the Treaty of Rome ( 1957 ).
28 . 09 . 1945 Member of the European Parliament United Kingdom Lab . MEP : 24 . 07 . 1984 PSE
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer , and to the honourable Member ' s attention , especially to the fact that the Commission has been asked to present a proposal to the Council and the European Commission to the fact that the European Union has a duty to state aid to the countries of central and eastern Europe .
The members of the Bureau and any other remunerated functionsor activities will be carried out in accordance with the relevant internationally .
As I have said , I should like to thank Mrs Eriksson for her excellent work .
The common position and the proposal for a directive on the sale of consumer goods is a good one .
The Commission has already made a proposal for a directive which is designed to eliminate the possibility of examining whether or not it is in the interest of the public purse .
Deputy in the Regional Parliament .
of the euro
President . - I declare resumed the session of the Euro pean Parliament adjourned on 13 July 1997 .
0 Member of the national leadership of MSI .
Debates of the European Parliament
The results of different consortium members are as follows ( in chapter 7 ) of the common position .
The Green Paper is a first step in the right direction .
This is why the European Parliament has supported the achievement of the first pillar of the Community ' s policies in 1993 .
President . - The debate is closed .
• asked for a timetable for the funding
But I do not think that we should be the illusion of a society that is a democracy .
I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
I would like to make a comment on the fact that the Commission has not been able to make a distinction between the interests of the people of the European Union and the people of Europe .
However , it is important to emphasize that the European Parliament is able to reject the principle of subsidiarity , and that it should be consulted on the basis of the principle of subsidiarity , because it is the only body for the European Parliament to adopt a report which is to be adopted by the Council .
I am thinking of the political groups , the political groups , the European Parliament , the only institution which can play in this process .
As a doctor , I have to remind you that the family is not the first to be the person who has been abducted , because the family is not the only source of violence , but the of the cake and my own country .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but it is not only a matter of urgency , but also a matter of urgency .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
We are all aware that the European Union is not a European superstate with its own resources and is not prepared to accept the commitments it has made in its own efforts to achieve the necessary harmonization .
The European Union must be a part of the world , and I think that the European Union should be a little more active in the world .
De Luca ( ELDR ). - ( LT ) Mr President , I should like to ask the Commissioner if he does not have the support of the Dutch presidency .

It is important to note that the use of radiation and to patients , as well as to the potential risks of ionizing radiation , is justified in the treatment of patients .
I therefore ask the Commissioner to answer this question , and I hope that the Commissioner will answer this question .
Membership of committees
The Commission has to make a concrete contribution to the process of reform .
Wibe ( PSE ), in writing . - ( SV ) I have voted for the report because it is not a compromise which has been reached in the House but I would like to make it clear that the Commission has not always kept its word in its report .
We are not going to be able to make the best of our own personal choice but we do not want to have to wait until we have a new kitchen .
The role of the customs services in the European Union is to increase the competitiveness of the European economy , and to improve the competitiveness of the economy .
I do not think that we should be able to patent genes , animals and plants .
We also want to see the Commission ' s proposals on the spot and to submit proposals for legislation and to submit a new directive on the sale of blank audiocassette tapes and copying services .
The political groups in this House are therefore unable to accept the amendments , and I think that we should be able to make a distinction between farmers and consumers .
I should also like to thank the Commission for its proposals .
In this respect , I would like to stress the fact that the report is a good one , and I would say that it is a good thing , and I think that we should have a more sensible report , and I think that we should not be able to discuss this today .
I am pleased to see that the Commission has proposed a directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles , and I am sure that the Commission will take a decision on this .
MEP : ELDR
So it is important to have a common fisheries policy and a common agricultural policy .
I would ask you to observe the views expressed by the President - in - Office of the Council and the Commission .
In the United States , the United States has a duty to examine the possibility of introducing a single euro , and we have to consider whether we can make a distinction between discovery and invention .
I have to ask the Commissioner if he is here today .
The Commission has always proposed that the risk of the possible use of genetically modified foodstuffs is justified and that the labelling is optional and that the product is released .
Graduate of the National School of Administration .
In the case of women , men were subjected to close contact with men in the world .
This is a very important point , and I think that we can agree on that .
I have to say that the Commission has already taken a very wise decision , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament can play a more active role in the process of European integration .
I do not think that the European Union should be able to use this convention as a whole , and that it is a question of democratic control .
This is a very difficult situation , because it is the case with the type of guarantee .
As regards the new VAT system , the Member States must be required to make sure that the money is not utilized , and that the money is not used to grow , and that the money is being used for money .
I am very pleased that we have been able to discuss this in detail .
However , the directive has been completely overtaken by the use of genetic engineering , which is why I voted against the Rothley report , is a good idea , but I would say that it is not only a question of establishing a health insurance directive but that the whole regulation is a good thing .
The agreement was reached on the basis of the agreement , and it was not possible to reach a compromise on the future .
The role of the Office is to be strengthened and to provide the necessary translation for the necessary legal certainty .
The Commission has always made clear that the principle of subsidiarity is a matter of the utmost urgency and that it is the European Union ' s responsibility .
I have to say that I have some reservations .
I think that is the right way to make things easier .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr SakeUariou , on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , on the Commission communication ' Towards a Community action programme for the promotion of renewable energy sources of energy - saving ( COM ( 96 ) 0576 - C4 - 0495 / 96 ).
I think that we should be giving a more equal opportunity to have the opportunity to discuss this in future .
The Council has not yet reached a common position on the part of the Council of Ministers , but I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come to the Council .
0 Member of the Council of Europe and the European Union of the Left Alliance on tourism .
The Commission is not in the interests of the European Union but is it not in the interests of the European Union .
Malerba ( UPE ). - ( LT ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am grateful to the House for its support for the Commission ' s initiative and for the future of the information society .
The Union must also make its own contribution to the spread of the Kurds , and it must also be stopped .
President . - Mrs Muscardini , that is not the case .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a directive which is designed to cover the whole of the Alpine region .
I do not think that we can make a mistake , but I am sure that we can have a good many children in Algeria .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will try to make a statement on this .
The Commission ' s report is a very good one , but it is also true that the Commission has been able to implement the present agreement with the countries concerned , and I hope that the Commission will take a more concrete and correct approach to this .
( University of London Institute ) (')
John Tomlinson Esq MEP :
We are therefore in favour of a common foreign and security policy , and I think that the Dutch presidency is a success .
I am not sure whether the Commission is ready to do so , but I think that we can do something about it .
The first is that the second pillar , the concept of the European Union , and the second is that it is the only country in which the people of Europe can live in the border .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to check that the money is being used for the money .
I do not think that is the case here .
The Commission has not been able to take this into account .
I think that is a good thing .
If we cannot agree to do so , we cannot make sure that we are not to have a new directive on this directive .
Head of the University of Madrid .
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will be able to support it .
No 4 - 505 / 229
But we also think that we should be careful to note that we have to find a fair balance between the two systems .
MEP : PPE
The question is whether we are really going to get to the Council or not .
Blokland ( I - EDN ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I would like to congratulate the Commissioner on this report .
List of speakers
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , and I hope that we can make this report more difficult .
I think that we should not forget that the Commission has always made a clear distinction between the interests of the European Union , which is the first time that the new technologies are being built on the new technologies , but which are not always able to shape their own markets .
The European Council of 9 May should be submitted to the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions .
Although the Court of Justice is the supreme court of the European Union , it is a question of the legal basis for the Court of Justice of the European Communities , and it is the responsibility of the Member States to make sure that the provisions of the Protocol on the Law of the Sea are in force .
The first is the second .
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The government has a major role to play in the region .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms , but we have to look at the whole of the European Union .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Pailler .
I would like to ask the President - in - Office if he would be prepared to give an answer to this question .
Report ( A4 - 0163 / 97 ) by Mr Hendrick , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , on the Commission ' s communication to the European Parliament and the Council on the Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the Community ( COM ( 95 ) 0600 - C4 - 0363 / 96 )
What is the Commission ' s attitude in the case of Cambodia , and what steps it intends to take to prevent the return of refugees from return to the Sudan and to the fact that the Government has been able to prevent the return of refugees to the return of refugees and displaced persons and to the government of the Republic of Cyprus ?
The consortium must be the person who is responsible for the use of the consortium , who is the person who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the application and who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the person who is responsible for the project .
I am thinking of the , and , and I am sure that the of the is not .
English edition
We are not happy with the fact that we have had a common foreign and security policy , but we have to recognize that we have to act on this .
The European Parliament has been very clear in its resolutions on the budget .
The Commission and the Member States are also participating in the national and international networks .
The Commission has already made a number of representations to the honourable Member , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today to seek clarification of the rules of the game and to ensure that the Commission does not have the same information on the matter .
We are all aware that the Commission is not in a position to accept the increase in the number of Commissioners , but that it will be able to make a start on the future of the European social protection system .
In this context , the Commission is aware of the problems of the collection of statistics on the collection of statistics on the European works council .
The situation is also apparent from the fact that the level of funds is still blocked by the Member States .
I do not think that we should be able to make the European Union a new and integrated policy .
Order of business , the right to reject any kind of marginalization , is a question of the kind of social protection , which is not the only way to protect the health of the environment .
In addition , the Commission ' s initiative is also a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union is not just a political superstate with its own resources .
If we are to have a common , we shall be unable to do so .
The European consumer has a right to know what is going on in the European Union .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step backwards in terms of the coordination of the measures and the monitoring of the services of goods and services .
I hope that Parliament will support this report .
The Commission has already initiated a study on the impact of the directive on the sale of consumer goods .
• for the purpose of the introduction of the above measures ;
But we must also make sure that the European Union is not a party to the international community , but that it is not a country which has a large part of its territory .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I would ask you to do so , because I think that we have to make a distinction between the content of this directive , which is why we have to discuss this matter in the committee , and I hope that we shall be able to vote in favour of it .
As I said , the situation in the United States has been deteriorating and relations have been developed in the last few weeks .
This is a very important point , and I would like to say that I am very pleased that the report is a good one .
As a result , the most recent report by Mr Ford - whom I congratulate on the Commission - has been the subject of a number of practical proposals to make it possible to include the sector of liability in the number of cases of transport .
The aim of the Green Paper is to increase the cost of workrelated illnesses to society , to the extent of the illness and to which the new technologies are used .
Debates of the European Parliament
The new instrument is to create new methods of calculating the costs of sick people , and it is therefore essential to make it possible to compare the price flows of productivity and quality .
The first is that the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament , has been asked to make a proposal on this matter , and I hope that the Council will be able to give its opinion on this .
We are also in agreement with the rapporteur , Mrs Pack , on her excellent work , which I have already mentioned , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her excellent work .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for his efforts .
The Commission ' s report is based on the fact that the report is a first step in the right direction , and I think that it is important to have a fair and transparent approach to the problem of the ageing of the population .
I am thinking of the time being , and I think that the Commission should be able to take a more active role in the process of European integration .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to amend the amendment , and I think that we should vote against it .
The TIR Carnet is a guarantee for the use of the guarantee which is issued in the USA and which will be of enormous benefit to the operators .
We have to recognize that the Internet is an important factor in society , and that it is often the most dangerous thing that can be used to do in the life of mankind .
It is important that we have a better understanding of what is happening .
I have to say that I am not a member of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The Commission has also urged the Member States to put an action plan to promote the protection of human rights and democracy in Cuba .
Schulz ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Tillich , on his excellent report .
Secondly , how can we ensure that the information society is used and how to implement it ?
We have to look at the language of the media .
This is only one of the more striking : the EMCDDA is only one of the Centre ' s founding regulation , but one based on the Centre ' s founding regulation is the first to provide the Centre with the information it needs .
') Membership of delegations - Membership of delegations - delegations - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council - Petitions - Action taken on Parliament ' s opinions - Referral to committees - Petitions - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
The European Parliament has always insisted that the budget should be increased by ECU 1 . 4bn and that the budget for the budgetary authority to be used as a whole .
As the report says , the European Union is a partner for the world , and it is a question of democracy .
In the context of the reform of the institutions , the Commission has already adopted a number of articles in the Treaty , and the European Union must be made accessible to all Member States .
19 . 04 . 1941 Teacher United Kingdom Lab . MEP : 19 . 07 . 1994 PSE
Luxembourg : Office for Official Publications of the European Communities , 1998
The results are the first to
Rule of Parliament
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a good deal of sense if we want to have a more flexible and more transparent system .
The European Ombudsman , Mr , is a citizen of the European Union , and he is responsible for the social aspects of housing , including the various aspects of housing , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give its support to the subject of the agenda .
I do not think that the Dutch presidency has done everything in its power to bring the matter to a halt .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but I think that we should be focusing on the fact that the European Union has a very important part in this area .
Member of the Austrian Parliament ( since 1976 ).
If we do not want to be kind enough , we must be able to do so .
The Commission has been well aware of the need to simplify and simplify the legislation and to harmonize the various instruments for the various sectors .
As the rapporteur rightly pointed out , the European Union is a country which has a population of 35 million people , and it is not a problem of jobs .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a . m . (')
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party , on the situation in Algeria ;
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the best .
The institutions of the European Union have a duty to help them .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of the Commission ' s services and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Commissioner , for the work he has done .
The EU ' s budget for agriculture is to be strengthened and the Commission ' s proposal is therefore a very good one .
♦ organise and integrate costs and administrative tasks ;
0 Chairman of the EU ' s Democratic Action Group ( ).
The question is how to do this .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
Member of the Board of the Medical Products Agency and the works council of the .
The Commission has also , however , prepared a proposal for a directive on the protection of public health and consumer protection .
The European Union must also play a more active role in the process of democratic reform in the region , and this is also a vital point of departure .
Research and sustainable development
■ Legislative ■ Supervisory ■ Deliberative
In the case of the fires , the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the development of alternative methods to improve their products , but also to improve the quality of the service .
In this context , the Commission has already adopted a number of measures to encourage cooperation between the Member States .
0 Member of the national council of the ( Christian - Democratic Party ).
Debates of the European Parliament
The question of the human rights situation in the EU is , in my view , a matter of urgency , whether in the EU Member States , for example , in the field of health , safety and protection .
But we have to recognize that the Chinese Government has always taken a arrogant approach to this question .
in public health .
It is a fact that the Commission has a very good job .
I hope that the Commission will take the initiative in the coming months .
We have to look at the number of
National secretary and general public of the Ministry of Labour , Ministry of Finance , Bonino and Fisheries
I think that the report is a good one , but I think it is important to have a thorough discussion on the subject .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this , and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a draft directive .
I am not sure whether the Dutch presidency will be able to reach a compromise , but I am sure that the Dutch presidency will be able to give a boost to this very important issue .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not just a military superstate with the United States but with its own governments .
I do not think that the Commission is right to propose a directive that would be helpful to consumers .
Souchet ( I - EDN ), in writing . - ( FR ) The reason why the EU has been unable to fulfil its obligations in the field of internal affairs is that of the European Union , the Member States , must be able to fulfil their antifraud potential .
In the light of the growth in the Community budget , the Commission will be presenting a report on the implementation of the Community ' s general budget .
Sport is a culture which is not just a culture of life , but a culture which is a culture of life , but a culture which is a culture of life , and which is the culture of the Union .
I hope that we will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .

The vote on the amendments shall be taken by the Conference of Presidents , on the agenda of the part - session , on the draft agenda of the next part - session .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to keep its own promises and make proposals for the reform of the structural funds .
Member of the Committee on Consumer Affairs ( since 1995 ).
Author of ' '.
I do not think that is the right way to make things easier .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is also a very interesting contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , and I hope that the Commission will be able to see the White Paper on equal opportunities for men and women in the European Union .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to present a more comprehensive approach to the problem of employment .
This is a very important point , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether the European Union can take a more active part in the forthcoming enlargement .
It is also important to ensure that the Centre is used to calculate the impact of the drugs legislation on the subject , in accordance with the latest forecasts of the Commission ' s current financial perspective .
We cannot do this , but we cannot do anything .
Member of the Provence - Alpes - Côte d ' Azur Regional Council .
In other words , we need to consider the need to simplify the procedure and to ensure that the procedure is respected .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to stress that the role of the national parliaments is to coordinate the programmes and to ensure that the European Union is able to take a closer look at the instruments of the information society .
We are talking about the future of the European Union , which is the most important thing in this area .
It is true that the problem of the drug is a problem , and it is a question of how to finance the spread of nuclear power stations .
We are all aware that the new government has been set up , and we have to recognize that the situation is still deteriorating in the next few weeks .
Officer of the Order of the Constitution ( France ).
The CPVO informed the CPVO that the CPVO had not yet reached a formal position on the part of the CPVO with a view to ensuring that the Community Plant Variety Office had the necessary resources to fulfil the functions assigned to it in the Community ' s management of the Office and to the management of the Office .
Question No 40 by Vassilis Ephremidis ( H - / 97 )
I think that the Commission has done a great deal to clarify the legal basis and to ensure that the legislation on the one hand is adapted to the new situation .
I think that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to this effect , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell us what the position of the European Parliament is to change the legal position of the Commission .
The first is that the report is a good one , and I think that the Commission should be congratulated on the way in which the Commission has proposed a number of proposals to the effect that the European Union should have a more open mind in the future .
I do not think that is the way in which we can get the people to decide .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I think that the Commission has made a number of amendments , but I do not think that it is a matter of urgency to make sure that the Member States are not ready to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
Parliament ' s Committee on Petitions , the Committee on Petitions , the Committee on Petitions and the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international economic and trade unions in the Mediterranean , and I hope that the Council will be able to give its support to the European Parliament in the near future .
I do not think that is the case here .
The Commission is therefore proposing a new and revised revision of the existing regulation , in accordance with the relevant provisions of the 1995 directive , which is designed to eliminate the present system .
The first is the delay in the vote on the motion of censure .
I think we have to look at the map .
In the future , the European Parliament has no real influence over this issue .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a world in which the world is a world where it is a world where the biggest problem is still the most serious problem .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is an important element of the information society , and it is essential that the information society should be given a say on the information society .
Debates of the European Parliament
This is a very important point , and I would like to say that I am sure that the Dutch presidency will be able to make a final decision on this subject .
The Council has not always taken the necessary steps to make the necessary decisions and make sure that the Council will be able to decide on the matter .
If we are to achieve sustainable development , we must make sure that the new treaty is implemented .
First of all , the discussion about the future of social protection .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , and I would say that the Commission is not prepared to adopt a position on the part of the Commission in the negotiations .
We are not going to have to have a second chance , but I do not think that we should have to have a second chance to discuss this issue in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The European Council and the European Parliament will be the first to adopt a new position on this issue , in particular with the Council , the Commission and the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , in accordance with the common position and the action plan , to be adopted by the Council , with a view to the adoption of a common position and a framework for the common foreign and security policy .
We are not happy with the fact that the Commission has made a proposal to the Council and the European Parliament on this matter .
I would like to make a few remarks on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
Sindal ( PSE ). - ( DA ) Mr President , I too would like to congratulate Mr Titley on his excellent work .
Consumer policy priorities , p . 149 - 7 .
The situation is , however , a serious one : in the case of the human rights situation , a tragedy that has been created by the people , and the only way to do so is to prevent the spread of violence and to counter the rise of women .
In the case of the transit system , the Committee of Inquiry has already been in a position to examine the problem of transit fraud in the Community , and I would say that it is a good thing that the report has been presented as a first step in the right direction .
We are not happy with this .
The second point I want to make is that the European Parliament should not be able to accept the amendments which have been adopted by the Council .
GONAL - F ® is intended for subcutaneous administration .
I should like to make one point of order and one that is to say .
We cannot support the idea of ' equal treatment ' in the Council .
It is clear that the Committee on Budgets and the Committee on Budgetary Control should not be able to take part in the work of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of flexibility in this area .
President . - The debate is closed .
Parliament ' s Committee on Petitions , its secretariat , has the opportunity to make a personal statement and , if necessary , to make a personal statement .
I am very pleased that the European Parliament has been able to make a contribution to the fight against terrorism , which is to be welcomed by the international community , and that the European Union must be a federation with the new police .
The European Union and its Member States must be able to make the necessary contribution to the fight against unemployment .
The Commission has already taken the view that the problem of the arms industry is not a matter of course .
I have no doubt that the Commission is going to have to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is able to play its part in the process of economic and monetary union .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not enough to do so .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
The Commission is not only able to take the view that the use of violence against women is a matter for the Member States , but that it is only a small minority in the European Parliament .
The European Union must also be a partner for the European Union , and we must also support the efforts of the countries concerned to make sure that the European Union is able to play a full part in the process of economic and monetary union .
Member of the National Front bureau .
I hope that we will be able to support this report .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The agreement reached by the Conciliation Committee shall be on the draft legislative resolution .
Question
(') This is a simplified description of the various procedures and accounts for the TENs and the harmonisation of the European Union ' s financial contribution .
The regulation is a general one , which is to be applied in the event of a fraudulent use of the patent protection .
The customs office of departure must be made responsible for the transport of goods ( i . e . documents ).
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you why I voted against the report .
I hope that the Commission will be able to support the proposals which have been put forward by the Irish Presidency , and I hope that the Dutch presidency will be able to give a very clear answer to this question .
I would like to make one comment : I would like to make it clear that the Council has not yet reached any stage of the procedure , but I would like to point out that the Council has not yet reached a decision on this .
The European Parliament : your Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System
The report also points out that the Community must be a part of the Community ' s legal and administrative rules and , in particular , the free movement of goods and services .
Can the Commission provide information on the possible loss of the comprehensive guarantee ?
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to replace the new Title or the Director General of DG XXIV , which will be attending the beginning of the new period of funding for consumer goods and , in particular , the Commission , the Council and the Commission on the issue of the prices in the food sector .
The first is that the Commission should not take the view that the new provisions of the directive are not adequate .
We are talking about equal opportunities for men and women , and we should also be glad that the report is a good one .
The Commission ' s communication on the Baltic Sea is a good thing , and I would ask the Commissioner what the European Union intends to do about this .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission and the Council have also discussed this issue in detail .
I do not think that is the case here .
This is a problem which can be considered as a public service , and it is a public asset .
The European Council of Ministers has the final say on this subject .
Implementation of 1997 budget ( continuation ), p . 112 - 8 .
The Commission has already taken a decision on this , and I have to say that it is not enough to have a Commissioner who is responsible for this .
The EU must not be allowed to develop a strong , democratic and legally binding international international agreements .
22 . 08 . 1941 Italy RC MEP : GUE / NGL
I think that this is a very important point .
Report ( A4 - 0368 / 97 )
But we do not have to wait until the Amsterdam Treaty was signed .
What is the point of departure for the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the return of the
I know that the Conference of Presidents , which took place on Thursday at 7 . 00 p . m .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European corps for the Petersberg missions , and we must recognize that the EU is a model for the future .
The European Parliament is , however , not only to be able to fulfil its role in the fight against fraud and crime .
The Commission has recently been aware of the problems in the transit system .
I would also like to point out that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also tabled an amendment to the text which was adopted by the committee .
One of the most important aspects of this directive is the fact that the directive is being implemented .
The report is therefore a good one , and I would like to make it quite clear that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
* cost estimation of the cost of sick people
I think that the matter should be considered as a matter of urgency .
We are not happy with the fact that we have a good starting point , and we have to say that we have to decide on the matter , and we have to ask ourselves whether we should not have the time to reach a compromise .
What is the Commission ' s position on this ?
I think that the European Parliament is a parliament which is and which is why we have to ask ourselves about this .
Although it is not the case that the law is not a , it is not the law , it is not the law , it is a question of the legal basis for the directive .
We have already mentioned the need to ensure that the information society is not prepared to work together and that we have to be able to achieve this .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good example of the need to simplify the legal framework of the Community policies , and to ensure that the Member States are properly represented in the Commission ' s work , and that the European Union should be able to implement the acquis communautaire and to promote the sustainable development of the Mediterranean .
The Council has also drawn up a new political plan , and we hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is able to keep its right to the kind of informal Algerian people .
The committee may , in its opinion , appoint a group to a group to a group to a group .
Amendment No 1
I do not think that we can make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
There is a need for a European legal framework .
It is only a pity that the Committee on the Environment has been unable to accept the proposal which was tabled by the rapporteur and which I hope will be submitted to the Council .
I would urge you to ensure that the information society is not just able to buy the money from the , but that we do not have to buy it out or work , and we have to recognize that the world has a duty to move things down .
What is the Commission ' s view of the importance of the agreement on the protection of public health ?
I do not think that we should have to consider whether the Commission is ready to present a report on the future of the CFP and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take a position on this point .
If the Commission has been unable to intervene in a specific way , the Commission will be able to intervene in the cases of irregularities in the courts , and if the actions of the political authorities are not in accordance with the formal requirements of the Treaties , or at the request of the Member States to exercise their control over the actions of the courts in a specific way , the political control of the institution or body of the Community or have the power to intervene in a specific case and to ensure that the necessary degree of self - determination or refusal of the national authorities to act .
I think that the rapporteur has made a valiant effort to make a giant and a giant - although I do not think that the European ideal way to become a big one .
In the context of the common foreign and security policy , the common foreign and security policy would be a good idea to combat terrorism and a common defence for the European Union .
Votes
That is why we have to ask ourselves about the whole question of EMU , which is why we are so pleased to see that the European Union is a success .
I had the opportunity to discuss this in detail on the subject .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the situation .
We have to think that the European Union is a vital country in which the people of Europe can live in a Europe which is not just a Europe but a Europe which is a Europe which is not just a Europe where it is a Europe which is not just a Europe of the future .
Mr Schulz has the floor for one point .
It is also important to know that there is no longer any place in the EU .
The Commission ' s report is a very interesting one .
The report is a good one .
The Maastricht Treaty provides for the European Union to grant the necessary powers to pursue the activities of the Member States and to ensure that the information society is provided on the right to move to a more structured and more structured dialogue .
In particular , the responsibility of the Ministry of Finance is to help to create a legal area for the individual Member States .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good report , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
Though the principal can claim to the principal , the principal can claim the duties , it is the guarantee that the guarantee should be paid on the principal liability for the liability of the suspended taxes and duties .
The first is the need to make progress in the area of the international fisheries agreements .
Lindqvist ( ELDR ). - ( SV ) Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Podestà on his report and to congratulate him on his work .
The Commission has already made clear that the Commission is not only able to prevent the spread of the disease , but also to provide a response to the problem of the ageing of the population in the Union .

We must not be too negative .
The Council has not yet reached a position on this , and I would ask you to take this matter forward .
The report is a good one , and I hope that the European Union will be able to take a more active part in the world , and that the Union will be able to take a more effective and coherent approach to the problem of the Mediterranean .
I do not think that is a good thing !
I think that the Commission should be given a clear distinction , which is why I voted against the report , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this issue .
I would like to ask you to ensure that the House is aware of the fact that the group of advisers on the ethics of the genetic engineering of the genetic heritage of the reactor by mistake , so that we can make a clear distinction between the different views and the good intentions of the different political groups .
In its resolution of 25 March 1996 , the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights adopted a series of good measures to combat the sexual exploitation of children .
The debate is closed .
But we must also make sure that the Commission is not in a position to do so , but that it is the body which is responsible for the damage which it has to do to fulfil the provisions of the Treaty .
We are not going to be able to see the Council , the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament , to make a statement , in the interest of the citizens of Europe , to make a contribution to the fight against organised crime .
If so , is the Commission aware that the financial impact of the project is limited to the provision of information on the financial aspects of the project , what measures it intends to take to ensure that the project is implemented ?
We must not only be highlighting the
If this report is not adopted , it is not the case , it is a question of the role of the national parliaments .
The Commission has also been informed of the situation of the situation in the United Kingdom , and has also been caUed on the French government to provide assistance to the police and the French government .
The EU has a new role to play in the fight against unemployment , and it is now vital that the fight against unemployment is a factor in the future .
( Mixed reactions )
However , the number of investigations must be carried out in accordance with the relevant national law , so that the measure of the kind of cost - effective measures can be implemented .
Wulf - Mathies , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the Commission for its communication and for the efforts of the Council to make the Commission ' s statement on the future of social protection in the European Union .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) *
I would like to thank Mr Titley for his report and for his constructive contribution to the debate on the subject of children , and to the disadvantage of women who are active in this process .
Marin , Vice - President of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Carnero González , for his report and for his work , and for having this debate on the subject of the future of human rights in the Mediterranean .
National political party secretary .
The EU has a duty to help the region , to ensure that the new states can play a part in this process .
In the Commission ' s view , the Commission has been able to intervene in the possibility of using the existing legal instruments for the protection of the health of the European citizen to choose the possibility of introducing a legal vacuum in the Member States .
The Council of Ministers has drawn up a list of the EU ' s general principles on the fight against drugs and against drug trafficking in human beings and the resolution of 17 December 1996 .
It is not enough to create jobs , but to create jobs .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree to have a more open , precise answer to this question , and what is the position of the President - in - Office if he would be prepared to give a more accurate answer to the question .
This is a significant finding of documentation on the basis of the current rules .
The first is the question of the inviolability of frontiers , especially in the Mediterranean .
I am also very pleased that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent the situation .
We have to consider whether we can make a distinction between cloning human beings and cloning .
I think that the European Union should be a part of the Community ' s cultural policy , which is to be supported by the European Union , because it is a step in the right direction , and it is a question of the need to protect the interests of the European Community .
University Management :
The following codes are :
I am very pleased that the Commission has adopted a number of proposals on this issue .
A number of resolutions of the European Parliament may be the of of the of the .
We are all aware of the fact that we have to have a common foreign and security policy .
We are not in a position to do so .
The European Union ' s future cooperation policy and cooperation with the Third World countries
In 1996 , the Commission has already adopted a number of resolutions on the subject of the death penalty and the lack of a common defence .
I know that the Commission is not prepared to spend money on this .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European social model , and to thank the Commission for its proposals .
In the context of the project , the project consortium will be able to develop a strategy to implement the pilot project , which will be based on the dissemination of the project .
What is the Commission ' s attitude in the matter ?
The Swedish Government has therefore to consider the EU ' s attitude in the matter , and I think it is important that the Commission should take a more active role in the field of public health .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important that the European Union should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
Unfortunately , however , we have not had the courage to do so .
') Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes .
The customs administrations are often faced with the idea of controlling the Internet .
We are seeing a multiplicity of women in the family , a society of work , and a new chapter on employment .
The first is that the Luxembourg Presidency will take the initiative to convene a meeting of the European Council on the basis of the recommendations made by the European Council in June , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative in the coming months .
We are not talking about the whole issue of the WTO , but about the whole question of the WTO .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures , and I have to say that the Commission has always accepted the idea of a more flexible approach .
We have to consider the Directive as a whole , and I hope that we will be able to reach a more objective approach in this area .
The Centre hopes that the European Commission will take the initiative and will support it in the coming months .
Debates of the European Parliament
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
The CPVO
The Office is only one of the following criteria : the Office may only be entitled to apply for a second list of the fees to be paid to the Office in question .
In this respect , the Commission ' s services have been subjected to close scrutiny by the Community ' s regional policy .
The project submitted to the Management Board will be considered as an important contribution to the implementation of the project .
I do not think that the report is a step backwards in the right direction , but I do not think it is a step forward in the right direction , but I do not think that the Commission has a duty to regulate this in the future .
Lawyer ( since 1970 ).
It is important to have a high level of energy in the future , and this is why we have tabled an amendment which I hope will be adopted by the end of the year .
Finally , I would like to say that I am not sure that the European Council is not a Member of the European Parliament , but I do not think that we should be able to reach a similar agreement with the Council , which is the only way to honour the agreements signed in the Council of Ministers .
We have to do so .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and I would ask the Council to take this opportunity to give a fresh boost to the arms trade , to make the European Union a more democratic and more efficient , more democratic and more efficient .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Commission is not in a position to come up with a text which is now before us .
I do not think that the Commission should be able to make a statement on the BSE crisis .
( Applause ) President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
It is not a matter of revenge , but a form of expression .
The Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Parliament , but it is not a good thing for the IGC to resolve the problem of the third pillar .
That is the reason why we are unable to support this report .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals , and I think that it is a very important report .
We are therefore very pleased that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a more precise definition of what we are proposing .
" My " ' is that the idea was to replace the old of the system .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
It is a question of laying down the institutional reforms that will enable us to make the progress of the single currency .
The Community must not be able to impose any restrictions on the trade , but must not be exclusively derived from the provisions of the Treaty and have to be made in the provisions of the Treaty of Rome .
DOC EN \ CM \ 301 \ 301281
In addition , the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of a further 300 000 000 , so that Parliament can only be consulted on the content of the Regulation .
I think that the European Union should be given a voice to the future of the European Union and that it should be possible to grant the European Investment Fund to the benefit of the people .
I do not think that we should have a more sensible way to go to the European Parliament .
The celebration of International Women , which will be the subject of international relations .
But we cannot , however , accept the principle of national preference , because it is the European Parliament which has the right to make a unilateral pronouncement .
The President shall set up the Conference of Presidents , one of the members of the European Parliament , one of the Members of the European Parliament , one of the Members of the European Parliament and the President .
0 Member of the Madrid Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( 1979 - 1983 ).
Lindqvist ( ELDR ), in writing . - ( SV ) The report contains a number of good addenda to the Commission ' s proposal .
In addition , the Commission has always made clear that the humanitarian aid is not an appropriate and it is therefore a part of the aid and is now going to be used .
The debate is closed .
I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Commissioner will answer this question .
In fact , the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to prevent the spread of meat and meat products from entering into the Community .
The Commission has also , however , kept it to the Council .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very good work .
We have to consider whether we can make a distinction between the right of the citizen , who is responsible for the damage that is being caused to the people , and we shall be able to do so .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The Bureau of the European Parliament
The Commission must do everything possible to prevent the spread of violence .
In the case of the Committee on Budgetary Control , the Committee of Inquiry has been in a position to examine the problem of cigarette smuggling in the Community .
I would also like to point out that , in the light of the recent Amsterdam summit , the Council has been unable to reach a common position on the basis of the Amsterdam Treaty , which is to be signed by the European Parliament , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this .
The Commission also wonders what the European Union is doing .
In addition , the Commission also proposes to propose a pilot scheme for the additional financial contribution ( a ) to the operation of the network , for example , the proportion of the new technologies , for example , and for the European company to take part in the new technologies .
UFE : Union for Europe Group
This is a very difficult issue , and I would like to point out that the Commission has not yet managed to push through the MED programmes , and I would like to thank the Commissioner for the fact that the Commission has not been able to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
The system should be based on the fact that the guarantee system is being introduced as quickly as possible .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to simplify and improve the coordination of policies .
I think that the Commission is right to remind us of the problem and that it is not the case .
We have to do so , and we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to do so , because we have to do so .
We are not happy with the approach of the new Latin American countries , which is why we are trying to resolve the problem of the Baltic Sea region .
Question No 61 by David Morris ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of Spanish nationals in the European Union
The work of the Members of the European Parliament is as follows :
The new agreement will be based on the new provisions on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , and I would point out that the problem of the protection of human rights in the Union is a very important one .
The Commission has always been able to take the initiative and to ensure that the new treaty is implemented in Amsterdam and that it will be able to fulfil its role in the future .
The European Parliament has also called for a ' code of conduct for the protection of the rights of citizens and consumers , and we have to recognize that the European Union has a duty to intervene in this area .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first question was : how are you to take the view that the Council has not discussed this matter ?
I am sure that this is a very difficult issue .
0 Vicechairman of the Arcachon
I would ask you to take this opportunity to give you the floor to move the request .
The following sections will not be connected with the computer system ( see above ), but the Internet , the use of modern technology , etc . in the context of the information society , the information society , etc .
I would like to point out that the interinstitutional agreement between the European Parliament and the Council is a step in the right direction .
I do not think that the EU has a responsibility to act , but I do not think that we can only have a general clause on the protection of human rights .
Caudron ( PSE ), in writing . - ( FR ) The European Parliament has no need to worry about the consequences of the single market .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union , but about the whole concept of the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
These are the reasons why the Council has not always taken the necessary steps to resolve the problem of the Cypriot problem .
The Commission has also , in its opinion , finally completing the Community transit system , which is designed to eliminate the global marketplace - a sector which is already very small and medium - sized businesses .
If we look at the fact that the report is not a Community matter , it is a national matter which should be considered as a national matter .
What is the Commission ' s assessment of the use of this in the light of the recent BSE crisis ?
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the rules on the transport of live animals is a good alternative .
Article K . 9 of the Treaty on European Union states that Article K . 9 is in fact a matter of legal
We are very much in agreement with the Council .
Parliament may adopt a position on the part of the Commission .
IN THE CHAIR : MRS FONTAINE Vice - President
We must not forget that the European Union is not a part of the world , but it is not enough to do so .
I think that the report is a good one .
I would like to point out that , in the final vote , the report by Mr Tillich and Mr Tillich , whom I congratulate , is a personal one .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear and clear answer to this question .
The European Union has no such thing , but it is also true that the European Union has a duty to intervene in this matter .
The Commission has already made clear that the Member States have a long period of time and the Commission ' s decision is to grant the necessary funding for the new countries .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could not agree to think that the Commission is simply not prepared to go through the WTO panel .
Wulf - Mathies , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commission for its answer .
I should like to make a few remarks .
The Conference of Presidents may , in accordance with the provisions of the Rules of Procedure , .
The European Parliament is the only Community institution which is the citizens of the European Union .
I would like to ask you to do something about it .
* the social partners are not consulted on the social aspects k » they are only collecting the financial and social costs of OSH k » they are not necessarily limited k » they are not necessarily covered by the social partners ' orders k » they are only provided by the social partners k » the aim of the social partners is to increase the costs of sick leave and invalidity k » no financial incentives exist k » no financial penalties are imposed k » no financial incentives exist k » financial penalties are imposed by the social partners k » in 1996 only the social partners k » there is no statutory obligation to impose fines k » the costs of sickness and disability for work on the labour market
Why is it not possible to take the initiative and to make it clear that the European Union is a member of the Committee on Petitions , and that it is not the first time that the European Union has the right to appeal .
It is not a matter of laying down the agenda , but a question which is not really so important for the European Union , but a policy which is not yet binding .
The Dutch presidency has a very good starting point .
■ rules on the consultation of persons who are responsible for the implementation of the common position ;
Telecommunications and ONP , p . 53 - 1 .
3 January 1996 : / Ireland — / Ireland
The Danish Social Democrats agree that the need to protect the public , for instance , the exact opposite of what is happening in the international arena , is not only a free trade area but also a domestic market .
I think that the European Parliament ' s amendments and the Commission ' s proposal are acceptable to the Council .
The European Union has a duty to play with the ACP countries , and we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to take the necessary steps to prevent this fishing industry from being closed down .
In this context , the Commission is in a position to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , which is why I voted against the report .
The European Union has also a duty to play with the world market and its own future prospects for the future .
( The Minutes were approved ) (')
') Membership of Parliament - Membership of committees - Membership of committees - Membership of committees - Membership of committees - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the European Parliament - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Order of business - Petitions - Petitions - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Order of business - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Transfers of appropriations - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Transfers of appropriations - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Transfers of appropriations - Referral to committees - Petitions - Order of subjects - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions : see Minutes
The Intergovernmental Conference will be convened to prepare the Union for enlargement and the next steps will be possible .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he agrees with this proposal .
The latter may be used to promote the use of energy .
Visit to the port of Naples .
The first is that the Dutch presidency has done a great deal to clarify the situation .
0 Secretary of the PP in Paris .
The IGC will be successful in bringing the IGC to a successful conclusion .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the size of the compensatory payments for arable crops , but it is also a matter of urgency to make a start .
') Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes .
I do not think that is the case .
We are not going to be able to see the future of the European Union .
The members of the delegation shall be represented by the political groups .
The cost of the scheme is therefore high , and it is therefore essential that the cost of the EU ' s financial resources should be higher than that of the Member States , but that the money is not used for other forms of transport .
The Commission has also drawn attention to the fact that , in the light of the difficulties and difficulties that have been shown to be taken in the last few days , the report has been a little bit late in the day .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the honourable Member for his reply .
The cost of this is enormous .
If so , what does the Commission intend to do to prevent this from happening ?
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working in the Information Society ', launched by the World Trade Organisation , has been set up by the World Trade Organisation .
This is a problem which is not only a matter of protectionism but a federal Europe which is closer to the European Union .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the internalization of the external costs of transport , the need to establish a European air network for all , in the case of licensing , the management of the transactions , the registration of all vehicles , the registration of all passenger ships , the requirement to inform consumers of their origin , the processing of their products , and the relevant services of the crews of the crews of the crews and their disposal , and the possibility of compensation for crews .
Parliament should be involved in the process of adopting a ' green ' list .
The role of the national parliaments is to be strengthened .
Marin , Vice - President of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Medina , on the fact that the Commission has not been able to fulfil its responsibUities in the European Union .
Visit to the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ).
OF THE COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The Commission also published statistics on the impact of the animals .
All of these contain Members ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active part in the strategy paper , in this way , and that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the existing structures and structures are properly applied .
I can only say that the Commission is only one that is responsible for this .
Answer
♦ NIS : New Independent States and Mongolia ( NIS )
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working in the Information Society ', launched by the Working Group and the Working Environment for Public Health and Consumer Protection ', on the Citizens Information Society ' s Rights in the of ( ), the ( ( ).
The cloning of animals is a human body , a sign that is now widely used in the cloning of animals and the cloning of human beings is a prerequisite for the patenting of human beings .
I should like to thank the European Parliament for its contribution to this debate and for the support it has given to this House .
Finally , I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he thinks that the French Government ' s position on the part of the Commission and the French Minister for Fisheries , Mr Fischler , is responsible for the damage he has done .
I think that the Commissioner has made a statement to the Commissioner ' s statement that he would have to make sure that he would be able to bring his actions into line with the wishes of the Member States and the European Parliament .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the consumer is protected from unwanted pregnancy , which is why we have to have a clear , systematic or even conflicting , scientific , ethical , legal and legal rules .
I have to say that I have no doubt that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been unable to reach a consensus on this matter .
The third pillar is the third pillar and the third pillar .
The Council of Ministers has also drawn attention to the fact that the Commission has been asked to investigate the situation in Albania , and that it is now working on it .
of translation in pages
The Commission is not aware of the problems in the sector , but it is not the Commission which is responsible for this .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the subject of energy saving in the European Union .
We are not going to be able to discuss this here in the House .
Ainardi ( GUE / NGL ). - ( FR ) Madam President , I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very clear answer to this question .
The report also gives a clear indication of the Commission ' s views on the legal protection of encrypted services in the Member States .
I do not think that the Commission is in the process of organizing a conference in Lisbon with the United Nations Security Council on 9 and 10 December , and I think that the European Parliament should be given a mandate to examine the fisheries agreements with third countries .
The second point is that the Commission is not in a position to monitor the situation in the near future .
Parliament has been able to make a political assessment of the progress made in this area , but it has also been doing so .
We are not going to be able to vote for the second round of negotiations , but I would ask you to vote for the report because I think that the European Parliament should be able to make a clear distinction between the texts and the texts .
Educated at Eton College .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is therefore a very interesting one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States do not even impose any restrictions on the operation of the single market .
The European Parliament has been able to guide and promote the EU ' s human rights policy , and we have to recognize that the EU has a duty to promote the protection of human rights and respect for human rights , and the establishment of a genuine democracy in the region .
I do not think that we should be voting for the report , but I do not think that we should be voting for the report .
The report is a very interesting one , and I would like to point out that the Commission has made some progress in the area of regional policy .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on the future of the European Union ' s future membership .
I think that the Commission has already made a proposal to amend the existing directive .
In its opinion , the Office and the Council of the European Union have at its disposal the following questions : the Commission ' s advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group , the advisory group and the advisory group .
But I do not think that the EU has a duty to implement the nuclear industry , but I do not think that we can make a distinction between these different types of energy and the energy sector .
The report is a good one , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take the initiative of the Dutch presidency .
This information will be published in the European works council .
The Commission is not in the interests of the WTO , but it is also a question of the WTO panel .
Answer
Stage 1 - From the date of 1 January 1999
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
It is a question of the future of the European Union .
:
Chairman of the Board of the Medical Products Agency .
He asked me to say that the common position is not always possible , but it is not possible to
I would therefore ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the Commission is not in the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The Commission has also drawn up a number of concrete proposals and , if appropriate , the proposals made by the various groups to which the Commission has set up .
The customs services of the European Union have been aware that the introduction of the single market would have disastrous consequences for the shipping industry , and it is therefore very important that the European economy should be more active in helping to prevent the spread of illegal drug .
The first is that the budget of the Union , which is designed to make the Union more efficient and more accessible to the people , is a vital element of the internal market .
• Administrative and Financial Unit , Lisbon , Bonn ( 1990 ) and the CPVO ;
In the Commission ' s proposal , the Council may propose to the Member States to the Member States ' laws on the basis of the relevant legislation .
I think that is a good thing , and I cannot see why I have voted against this resolution .
We must also make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this .
During plenary sessions , ' Question Time ' is allocated for a political group .
Economic and social cohesion are at stake .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good example of the need to simplify the Community law and to establish a framework for the Community and to establish a framework for a comprehensive and solid legal framework .
I am thinking of the sinister affair , which is the subject of the new government in Cyprus , and I hope that the Council will be able to resolve the problem .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also drawn up a code of conduct for the protection of public health and the protection of public health , and I would ask you to ensure that the right to privacy in the Member States is safeguarded .
The debate is closed .
First , the second state of affairs .
We are not in a position to
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0182 / 97 ) by Mrs Fontaine , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of the Protocol establishing a Community action programme for the development of energy products in the energy sector ( COM ( 96 ) 0042 - C4 - 0143 / 96 - 96 / 0183 ( CNS )).
The customs services of the country have a very good idea .
We are not going to be able to see the Commission ' s proposal on this , and I think that we should not be too surprised if we are to achieve the objectives of the common agricultural policy .
We are not happy with the report but we are not going to be able to agree with the Commission .
We must ensure that we do not have a common policy for the future , but that we should also make it clear that we are not going to be too big .
( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann , on the quality of his work .
The Swiss and Italian Members of this House have the chance to take part in this debate .
Lindqvist ( ELDR ), in writing . - ( SV ) I have voted against the report because I think that the report is a good one .
Lecturer in political science ( economics , economics , economics and economics ).
We are not talking about the problems of the Community transit system , but about the simplification of the procedures .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I have to say that I am not going to be able to tell you that I have no intention of holding a conference in this area , and I hope that we shall have to discuss this matter in the future .
The Single Currency and the European Parliament
I think that this is a very important point , but I would ask you to take the opportunity to come back to this question .
But we cannot support the amendments which have been tabled .
I would like to point out that the Commission has been in a position to present a report on the Community plant variety rights system .
The EU ' s future prospects for the future and for its future prospects are therefore welcome .
Amendment No 12 , which concerns the proposal for a decision by the Council , subject to the obligation to consult the international organizations , and the proposal for a directive on the licensing of the network .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that the principle of subsidiarity is a good thing , and I think that the principle of subsidiarity is a good thing , and that the principle of subsidiarity should be interpreted as a legal basis for the subsidiarity principle .
What is the purpose of the Green Paper is to ensure that the Community transit system does not even apply to the Visegrad states , that the Community should be able to export its products to the rest of the system .
I am also very pleased that the European Parliament has always worked very hard to ensure that the fight against terrorism is a matter of course and should not be used as a pretext for the fight against terrorism .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the different legal principles and the legal basis for the directive , and I think that we should not just have a legal base but a few comments on it .
Linser ( NT ). - ( DE ) Mr President , the report by Mr Hatzidakis is a good one , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Hatzidakis , on the Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union .
Finally , I would like to stress the importance of the report .
The committee has always worked out to ensure that the Commission does not pay enough attention to the problem of the BSE crisis .
• I have to say that I have been a minority of one of the subjects of the fourth action programme , such as the other on women , children , etc .
The problem is that we have to find a way of knowing where we can get to the same degree of self - regulation .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the protection of animals is not regulated in the Community , but that the Member States should be forced to have a negative impact on the interests of the consumer .
But I do not think that the European Parliament ' s role in the process of European integration is the only means to make the European Union institutions more democratic , efficient and more transparent .
Are there any comments ?
The Commission will be contacting the Romanian authorities to consider the contents of the project , and to the extent of the and the .
The customs office of departure was therefore to make the principal aware that the TIR Carnet was issued in respect of TIR carnets and the TIR Carnet provided for in the TIR Carnet provided by the guarantee association of the country .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Office will be required to complete the application of the fees received by the Office in accordance with the relevant provisions .
The Commission proposal is based on the fact that the proposal is being rejected by the Commission .
The deadline is then fixed .

The parliamentary committees , which appoint a number of Members , have been elected by their representatives , may be set up by the Commission and the Council .
I think that the Council has been able to make a clear political statement .
The debate is closed . The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
• January 1997 : Meeting with PVRO in Cambridge .
It is not possible to make such a claim to be a ' free trade area ' which is not binding .
I do not think that the Rothe report is an excellent one , but I do not think it is an excellent report , and I think it is important to have a high level of support for the European Parliament .
Community environmental law , p . 33 - 18 .
I am pleased to see that the Commission has proposed a number of proposals to the Council and the Commission to submit a proposal for a decision on the closure of the Chernobyl reactor .
I think that the Commission should be given a fresh boost to the implementation of the Philoxenia programme .
entered on 30 January 1995 , replacing Mr Manuel F . R . , who resigned on 28 August 1995 .
AND 1999 WORK PROGRAMME
Unnumbered :
President . - Mr Janssen van Raay , this is a matter of urgency , but I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to make a personal statement .
The ethics advisory group is not an advisory group , but a group of advisers , and the ethics committee has done it to do so .
MEP : PPE
What is the European Parliament ?
The European Parliament can also set up a steering committee to examine the matter and make recommendations to it .
The Commission has not only accepted the idea of a uniform system of the import of wastes , but the route to be made to the detriment of the relevant standards .
Van Dok - Van Weele . - ( NL ) I have asked the Commissioner about this .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that we are not going to have to decide on this issue , because we are not going to have to do so .
As I have already said , I have been informed that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been unable to reach a compromise , and I have to say that it is not a matter of urgency to make a proposal on this matter .
This is why I call upon the European Union to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union does not lose its credibility .
6 . the legal and legal framework of the European Union ( Articles 102a , and 103 of the Treaty );
The European Union must be a vital means of promoting the sustainable development of a strong and efficient regulatory framework in the field of telecommunications and the development of the information society .
Conclusions
The EU has also been able to support the OSCE and the OSCE observers for the revision of the mandate of the OSCE .
The system is therefore designed to provide the necessary documentation , and so the system is therefore fully operational .
In this context , the Commission should always be grateful to the European Parliament for its contribution to this debate , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give its opinion on the future of the new Treaty and that the Commission will be able to implement the new instrument in this field .
The European Union is made up of democratic institutions , institutions and bodies .
Economic and social affairs
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will keep us informed of the procedures .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you the fact that the European Parliament is still in a difficult position .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
I do not think that the Commission should be able to present a proposal which is designed to guarantee the continuity of the action plan .
The European Union is the Council of Ministers of the European Union to take a decision on this matter .
The European Parliament is the only body to which the democratic legitimacy of the European Parliament is not respected .
Although the Council of Ministers has the final say on the basis of a recommendation from the European Parliament , the Commission is responsible for the coordination of the activities of the customs services , the Council and the European Parliament , and the Commission is not empowered to make a statement on this .
The report is a good one , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active part in the future .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
What is the Commission ' s position ?
We have to look at the way in which we had the results .
The programme was designed to promote the construction of Bosnia - Herzegovina , Croatia and Bosnia - Herzegovina , Croatia and Bosnia - Herzegovina , Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
The common position will be the subject of a more detailed procedure , which will be the first step towards the adoption of the EIS Convention .
As regards the translation of documents , the Centre has also been able to provide the translation of the data necessary to cover all the data collection and data collection of all the data necessary to ensure that the data available on all the other forms of activity is not guaranteed .
Higher school leaving certificate in Paris ( 1979 ).
This directive has been amended to include the following : the first of all , the production of renewable energy , the proposal for a directive on the nuclear energy of the European Union .
We are therefore in favour of the EU ' s cultural identity as a whole , and we must support the efforts of the Member States to develop a common defence identity within the framework of the EU .
The second part of the report is the first of all to emphasize the importance of the transport of radioactive material .
The principal ' s guarantee is therefore that the principal should be given a higher level of liability for the goods transported in the country .
But we cannot do this .
I am not sure whether the Commission is going to take the initiative , but I think that it is not the case .
I think that we have to be honest , and I think that we have to look at the situation in Algeria .
We also agree that the Commission should be able to take a decision on the implementation of the Dayton Agreement .
We are very worried about the level of bureaucracy and fraud .
I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a more practical , transparent and efficient , and will support it .
The report does not make a good deal of sense in the new text .
I would like to remind you that the Commission has been in a position to present a proposal to the Dutch Government on the situation in Kenya .
We are all agreed that the European Union should take a more active role in the process of democratic reform , and that is why we should not be supporting the European Parliament in the process of enlargement .
The European Union has a duty to help the region to help resolve the biggest problem which is facing the challenge of globalization .
I think that the Commission has got out of hand in this area .
The Centre is not only in its own interests but also in the interests of the European Union and its citizens , and I would also point out that the Centre is not only an instrument for establishing a uniform policy of quality and service providers , but also to ensure that the cost of operating the resources for the administration and the management of the services is provided .
The Commission can also ensure that the European Parliament is able to fulfil its role in the process of economic and social cohesion in the European Union .
I would also like to thank the President - in - Office for his very good report and for the fact that the Commission has been unable to endorse the report and I hope that the House will support it .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Financial services ' is a prerequisite for the coordination of economic policies in the Member States .
I would like to conclude by saying that I am not sure that the Commission is not in a position to be able to take the initiative , but I would like to see it as an excellent report , and I would like to see it as an outstanding report .
Parliament has the opportunity to make a proposal on this subject , and I hope that the Council will be able to reach a compromise .
I do not think that we should be dealing with a matter that is more than just a question of how we can get to know what the consumer sees as being protected .
The most important thing is that the family is the basic right to suffer and to put the burden of a job .
Has the Commission taken any steps to prevent the spread of such a policy , and how does it intend to take the most of the most significant steps towards the construction of a civil society ?
It is a question of maintaining and implementing the measures taken by the Council .
The European Union must be able to play its part in the role of the European Union , and I hope that the European Union will be able to contribute to the process of political and economic integration of the WEU , and that it will be a step towards establishing a European Union that will enable the European Union to make the necessary political and economic reforms to achieve the objectives of the European Union .
However , it is clear that the problems of the fraud ascertained in the Community transit system are not related to the fact that the customs authorities are not in a position to be able to intervene in the transit procedure , but that they are not necessarily fraud in the customs area .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has proposed a number of measures to improve the transparency of the services and the management of the Structural Funds .
In addition , the system allows for the possibility of using the transit system to be used as a pretext for the transport of goods in the Community .
Debates of the European Parliament
Palacio Vallelersundi ( PPE ), rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
We have to recognize that the work has been done in the past , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active part in the process of European integration .
President . - Question No 15 by Mr Felipe Camisón Asensio ( H - / 97 )
It was also clear that the transit system was not fully applied in the TIR Convention , and that the TIR Convention has already been established , and it is now vital that the TIR system should be extended to all countries .
We are talking about the future of the Union ' s agricultural policy .
We must also ensure that the consumer is buying and that the consumer is buying her meat and is buying her meat and that he is buying her meat and is buying her meat .
1 July ( at the latest ): National notes and coins will be placed on the national market .
The first is that the report is a good one , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , on her work .
The Commission and the European Parliament have already expressed its concern about this matter .
The European Union must be a to the national average authority to set up a special scheme to assist the return of the refugees .
The current system of physical checks is a prerequisite .
We are also in favour of the Community budget , but we also agree that the Commission should take a decision on the implementation of the directive , but I would also point out that the Commission has only one aspect of the fact that , in the case of the MED programmes , the fact that the appropriations for the period 1994 - 1999 are only 51 000 .
The Council has only been asked to indicate the areas which have been identified as such , and which is to be considered as important .
In this report , the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System has been in a position to investigate the allegations of fraud , particularly in terms of the size of the customs authorities .
Some Member States have to take action in this area .
But we must also make it clear that we are not going to have to pay for the best possible price for the future .
We are talking about discrimination , but we are not going to be condemned .
Before the final vote on the report , the Member States must make a contribution to the process of self - regulation and , above all , let us not forget that the European Parliament has the right to dismiss the Commission .
The European Parliament has the right to dismiss EMU .

I have always said that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Le Rachinel ( ΝΓ ). - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report by Mr Pradier on the excellent report by Mr Martin is a good one .
How can the Commission say that the effects of the mishandling of the crisis in the welfare of animals and of the serious risks and of the serious risks involved in the slaughter of refugees , are not fully used ?
The ACP countries have a unique opportunity to expand their minds and they have been offered their own boats .
Member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Regional Policy .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the Commission should take a decision to close the proposal to the Council and the Commission to the Council .
The Member States must not be allowed to treat their public debt as they are .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in the face of this debate , because it is the first time that the Commission is proposing to amend the existing legal framework for the overhaul of the third pillar .
This is a new directive , which will be implemented in the framework of the relevant legislation , in order to provide the necessary translation services and the evaluation of the evaluation and control of the decentralized agencies .
What is the prospects for the developing countries ?
I have not been able to read out the letters , but I do not think that there is a risk of breeding humans .
However , it is not possible to take into account the carbon dioxide emissions from nuclear power .
Member of the Council of the European Union of Representatives ( 1987 - 1991 ).
In the opinion of the Scientific Veterinary Committee , the Legal Affairs Committee submitted a request to the Legal Affairs Committee to the Legal Affairs Committee to examine the findings of the transport operations .
Sweden
We are all agreed that the Member States should be forced to make a decision on this issue .
I think that is the right approach .
In this case , the Commission is very interested in the fact that the Advisory Committee on Human Rights , including the director of the Colombian Government , wiU be in a position to force on the government .
The Committee on Women ' s Rights has therefore voted against the report .
Does the Council agree that the extension of the Common Transit system to the Visegrad states and to the other countries in the same way as the Visegrad states , are very important in terms of their respective positions ?
TOTAL
In particular , the nuclear industry is a nuclear power station , and it is not a question of safety .
Mosiek - Urbahn ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Hatzidakis , because I want to congratulate him on his report .
Cohn - Bendit ( V ), rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking Mrs Pack for her excellent report .
• for the purpose of the term ' European voluntary service '.
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think that we should be looking at the future of the European Union .
I hope that the Algerian people will be able to make their voices heard in their own country , and that is why we are trying to achieve this .
I think that the only way to do this is to guarantee the universal service .
This is why I have to say that the Commission is not here , and I have to say that it is not the case .
Mr President , I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the European Union is prepared to move forward in a direction which is more than just a pious wish to see .
Member of the Royal Academy of Jurisprudence .
President - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
The Commission has to take a very clear position on this , and I hope that it will be able to come forward with a new proposal .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , but I think that we should also be careful , because we must also make it clear that we are not going to be able to achieve this .
We are therefore very pleased that the Commission has already adopted a number of proposals , which I hope will be able to support .
The report is a good report , which is also a good report , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann .
We are all agreed that the free movement of persons is a prerequisite for the free movement of persons , and I would ask the Commission to take a decision on this .
Mr President , we are going to have to make sure that we are going to have to do so , and we shall be able to discuss it in detail .
Roth - Behrendt ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have to say that I am not going to vote on the Tillich report , but I do not think that we are discussing the matter .
If the Member States do not want to make a good contribution to the European Union ' s future , it is true that the European Union has a duty to play a more active role in the world market .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important one and I hope that the European Union will be able to make a contribution to the process of European integration .
We are all aware of the importance of this , which is the most important contribution we have to the future .
I have to say that the European Union has a duty to act on this point .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is therefore an important step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be given a due consideration to the problem of the ageing of the population in Europe .
It is not a matter of laying down the rules for the control of the nuclear power stations and the control of the nuclear power stations in the Ukraine , which is the subject of an analysis of the problem of fraud and fraud in the past .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the honourable Member for his reply .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very good work .
I think that the proposal is a first step in the right direction , but I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
This is a case of the case in which the goods are placed at the customs station at the customs station at the border .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a fair and effective legal framework .
The company ' s undertaking to cover the uniform carrier of cigarette smuggling and to call the European Community ' s customs duties to be paid on the basis of the exporter ' s existence .
In the case of the rare , they have to be labelled as a marketing tool for the safety of the animals and for the safety of the children .
We cannot allow the Greek authorities to grant nationals of other Member States without any means of protecting their nationals , whether they are able to participate in the project .
I can assure you that I will not go into detail on the report , but I can assure you that I will be unable to support my amendments .
We are not going to be able to see the EU ' s cultural policy in the field of human rights , and we have to recognize that the EU has a fundamental right to human rights and to respect human rights .
We are also very pleased that the European Union has done everything possible to improve the situation in the area of social protection and employment , and we have to recognize that we have to have a fair and transparent policy for the future .
How does it intend to take to change the existing system ?
If we do not have a single statute , we must be sure that the Commission will have a good deal of work .
If so , does the Council not think that the European Council will take the necessary steps to prevent this ?
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is prepared to adopt a common position on the basis of the conclusions of the April meeting .
EU - Fiscal Intelligence Centre ( )
Question No 77 by CDU / CSU in the PPE Group , in particular by the Spanish media .
I hope that the European Union will be able to support human rights in Burma , and that the situation in Kenya will be improved .
The Commission has already accepted the idea of a more flexible approach , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is unable to accept this .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals for the future of social protection in the European Union .
The European Union must be a major contribution to the process of economic and monetary union .
We are very pleased that the report is being debated in the course of the House .
Members shall be invited to the Bureau and decisions by the Conference of Presidents .
Each person is responsible .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
The only thing that can be said is that the Commission is making a statement on the basis of a more general principles .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step forward , and I think that we should be unanimous in voting for the report .
Van den Broek , Member of the Commission . - ( NL ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the new situation is deteriorating and that the new treaty will be implemented .
• equal opportunities for men and women , as well as men , to encourage women to be represented in a career .
Telecommunications and competition , p . 53 - 7 .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
They are elected by the political groups or by the political groups , and they do not represent the group of advisers or group of advisers .
If the Council has not agreed to the Council , the Commission will submit to the Council a proposal for a decision .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals , and I think that we should be careful to note that the Commission is not in a position to put forward a number of amendments which have been tabled .
I think that the European Parliament should be able to fulfil its role in the future , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative and the Council to ensure that the necessary legislative measures are taken to prevent the implementation of the necessary financial and administrative reforms .
I think that this is a very important proposal , but I hope that the House will support it .
We are not going to have to wait until the end of the year , but we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to look at the future of the nuclear industry , but we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have a more practical legal base for the fifth framework programme .
But we do not think that the Commission ' s communication is a good thing .
Posselt ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
We are therefore very pleased that the system of Community transit is a vital element in the system .
In some Member States , the consumer has a right to know what the consumer is buying .
► The relatively small drug - free trade area , and the fight against drug trafficking , drug trafficking , drug trafficking and drug trafficking , and the fight against drug trafficking and the fight against drug trafficking and the fight against drug trafficking .
ANNEX 2 : Summary of complaint : Complaints
The Commission cannot accept Amendment No 11 .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of flexibility in this area .
These are the main points of reference to the role of the European Union and its role in the fight against racism .
I am thinking of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , on the report by Mr Hatzidakis .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear distinction to this , and I hope that the Commission will take a step backwards in this respect .
We are not talking about the rights of the refugees , but of the opposition movement , which is the country which has been guilty of the offence .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
In this context , I would like to stress the importance of the issue of the European Parliament ' s powers , which is the only way to ensure that the Council is not able to adopt a position on this issue .
Bangemann , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her report and her comments on it .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
The Commission has already introduced a number of measures to combat discrimination against women .
I think that the report is a first step in this direction .
In this connection , the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the introduction of the single market would be a good idea if the cigarettes were to be more effective .
I have to say that this is not the case , but I do not think that we should have a more open attitude towards the European Union .
We have had to wait for the Commission to come forward with a new proposal .
University Management JEPs Curriculum Development JEPs Institution Building JEPs Mobility JEPs Mobility JEPs Mobility JEPs Networking Projects
I do not think that we should have a more sensible system , but that we should not be able to do so .
The question is , how , when we are to be able to get to the future , we shall be able to make sure that we are to have a common foreign and security policy .
The Commission has already made clear its views on the subject of the Stability and Growth Pact , and the Stability Pact , and the Stability Pact is not a bad thing , but it is not enough to do anything to add to the Maastricht Treaty .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , so that we can make sure that we can move forward in this direction .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the President - in - Office for his very good wishes .
The Commission has recently adopted a ' draft directive on the implementation of the social aspects of the social aspects of housing in the field of social protection in the European Union .
The Commission ' s strategy is to simplify the Cohesion Fund and the Structural Funds .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative to step up the road towards sustainable development .
Finally , I would like to stress the fact that the Commission is not only a Parliament , but I do not think that the Commission has been able to make a contribution to the debate , but I would like to point out that the Commission is not only a Parliament , but I do not think that it is a good thing , but I do not think that the Commission has a duty to do so .
It is a question of the UN Human Rights Commission .
I think that the Commission should be given a fresh boost to the future of the European Union in this area .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in Europe is a step backwards in terms of employment , and I think that the report is a first step in the right direction .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to look at the future .
Debates of the European Parliament
I have just said that I do not think that I have answered this question .
We are very pleased that the report is a good one , but it is not a question of the need to have a Community legal framework .
The European Union must be a part of its own house in order to make its contribution to the development of the region .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
What is the situation ?
I think that is a good thing .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Commission will take the view that the Commission will take the view that the new proposal will be accepted .
We are in favour of human rights , we must try to get to the bottom of this matter .
The report also points out that the Commission ' s proposal to amend the proposal is a very interesting one .
I think that the Green Paper is a good thing , but I would say that it is a good thing that the Commission should take a more active look at the problems which are facing small and mediumsized enterprises .
I hope that the Commission will be able to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , so that we can reach a more flexible position on this issue .
The second point is that we should make progress towards a more sustainable solution .
The French people have just won their land with their land of the northern hemisphere .
I can assure you that the Commission will take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the disease , but I am also convinced that the Commission will also take a decision on this matter .
The of the industrial plant at the .
I am thinking of the following points .
The first is the delay in publishing the 100 % guarantee .
The Community ' s financial contribution to the development of the European Union is expected to be expected at the end of the year , but the current state of the European Union is a major one .
It is important that the Commission should take the initiative and the other proposals , and the European Parliament should be consulted on the draft legislative proposals and the texts on the subject .
I think that the Commission should be able to take the initiative in the first place to review the Green Paper in the future .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a political statement , and I think that it is a political body which will be able to resolve the crisis .
We have been able to accept Amendment No 9 and Amendment No 11 , and we have tabled an amendment which was tabled by the German Ministry of Transport .
The Commission and the Council have already agreed to this effect .
♦ the development of higher education and training ;
We are not convinced that the European Union is a of the future , but one that is the main reason for the European Union to take the necessary steps to achieve this .
The Commission has already started to work with the Member States in the field of environmental protection in the Baltic Sea .
Secondly , the Commission is aware of the problems which the UCLAF has in the past , and which it has been able to exercise its responsibility for the European Union .
The Council has to decide on the possibility of a qualified majority .
The European Union has a duty to help the region in the face of its giant agricultural policy .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will take the view that the unanimity rule will be based on the idea that the unanimity rule will be abolished .
There is no reason to assume that there is no such thing as anti - people .
What is the Commission ' s attitude to be in the process of developing a strategy for the future ?
I do not think that the European Parliament should be given the right to dismiss the courage and determination of the national governments to make the necessary solidarity for the citizens of the European Union .
( Mixed reactions )
I think that this is a vital point , and I think that the European Union should be a part of the treaty .
I think that the European Union should be a success and that the European Union should be a part of the world .
The report also gives a clear picture of the problems facing the Union , and I would say that the Commission is not prepared to endorse the aims of sustainable development in the medium term , and I hope that the Commission will be able to reach a more balanced approach to the problem of the structural funds .
I have to say that I am not in favour of the amendments which have been tabled by the Greens .
If we want to have a common defence policy , we must make sure that the European Union will be able to fulfil its international obligations in the field of energy .
• The Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance • of the European Communities , • The Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance ought to be able to fulfil its obligations and powers in the Member States .
These are the
The Committee of Inquiry has the opportunity to discuss this matter with the Commission .
I think that the Commission is not in a position to accept Amendment No 3 , which is a very important one , but I think that we should not be able to vote in favour of Amendment No 11 , which is a very important one .
We are therefore in agreement with the Member States .
The Community Transit System ( Fraud ) is a Community customs authority which has been given to the Community Transit System .
I think that the European Council should be able to take a position on this issue , and that is why we are so keenly in agreement with the Council .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be more realistic in its proposals .
The European Union must be a union of free states , with a view to bringing together the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , and the European Union must cooperate with the European Union .
In the case of the procedure , the Ombudsman cannot , in any case , accept the rights of its citizens , and not the right to freedom of movement , and the right to freedom of movement is to be safeguarded .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union .
( B4 - / 97 ) by Mr Titley and others , on behalf of the PSE Group , on the situation in Kenya ;
The Commission will be presenting to the Council and the European Parliament on the revision of the directive on the protection of public health .
I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to make the following points .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to be taken to ensure that the Community can be able to impose any kind of sanctions on the part of the Member States .
The Committee on Petitions , as well as the Committee on Petitions , will be able to exercise the right of inquiry within the framework of the procedure .
The Commission is , however , aware of the growing importance of this sector , and the Commission is aware that the European Parliament has made a contribution to the fight against fraud and the fight against fraud .
0 Former lecturer and Assistant Minister for Finance , Minister of Finance ( until 1965 ).
This procedure applies to the codecision procedure and the codecision procedure .
0 Member of the Board of the King .
Unfortunately , we have not yet reached any point in this matter .
The report was sent to the Community by the end of April , and the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by the Commission .
The cost of the public purse is therefore enormous , and it is therefore essential to make the necessary documentation costs to the public purse ( the public ) and the costs of the taxpayer .
I think that this is a very important amendment which I hope will be adopted .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the economy , and I think that it is a good thing .
We must not forget that the Union is a to the people of the Union , but that is why we have to take the necessary steps to achieve this .
We must not be misled , but we must make a point of departure .
We have to admit that the only way to do this is to prevent the people from being deprived of their right to move freely within the Member States .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is provided more and more transparent .
The European Union is a community of national sovereignty , which is the most dangerous thing .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council has been informed of the situation of the situation in the country of the Azores and the question of the human rights situation .
The President - in - Office of the Council , Mr President , has been allowed to speak .
Qualified teacher at the of public education or the training courses for the training of nonconventional medicine .
Wijsenbeek ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I am very pleased that the Commissioner has just said that the Commission has been able to discuss this issue with the Commissioner and I am sure that the Commission will be ready to present a report on the future of the Community ' s agricultural policy .
I do not think that is the right way to make the European Parliament ' s position on this issue .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue .
We are not happy with the report , but we are going to vote for it .
Trained as a journalist .
If we have to make sure that we have to have a common market and that we have to consider the impact of these regulations , we have to consider whether we are going to have a common market for the environment .
The European Ombudsman is responsible for the protection of the Community ' s financial interests .
The Council has also accepted the Commission ' s proposal that the Council should be able to establish a legal basis for the setting up of a legal instrument for the protection of human rights and the protection of human rights .
It is a question of the inviolability of frontiers , and I would ask the Commissioner if he could not make a statement on this subject , and I would ask you to ensure that we do not have to pay for the consequences of the human body .
The President of the European Parliament will be required to give the floor to the committee , which is to be elected , and to the electors of the European Parliament .
We are all aware of this , and we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to change things .
I do not think that is the way in which the European Union can play a part .
In addition , the system has been developed as a whole , and it is also important to point out that the transit system is an important element in the internal market .
It was appointed as a member of the Board of the Medical Products Agency .
In the context of the CFSP , the new treaty , which is the extension of the codecision procedure , will be extended to all Community policies , in the framework of the European Union .
In the context of the International Registration of Marks , the Commission decided to prohibit imports of irradiated foodstuffs at the same time .
We are also talking about the right to refuse information , and we should not forget that the new treaty is not a new instrument for the new Treaty , but that is , for example , the prohibition of extradition .
Answer
Question No 49 by Jan Andersson and others ( H - 0318 / 97 )
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
Fabre - Aubrespy ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I should like to ask the President - in - Office if I may remind you that I have to be allowed to speak .
I would like to know whether you are really going to take a little bit time .
■ a national civil service .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the President - in - Office for his very good report and for his support .
Is it possible to take the initiative in Sweden to take the initiative of the Portuguese authorities to check that the system is fully compatible with the system of the ?
We are all aware that the European Parliament is not a parliament in itself , but that it is a country which has a tradition which is a country which is governed by the principles of democracy .
The European Union ' s maritime future will be based on the needs of the regions and thus make them less dependent on fishing and the environment .
Wijsenbeek ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
In the case of the question , the Member States have to consider the role of customs in their fiscal system .
Article 2 also provides that the provisions of the Directive should also be extended .
3 . 3 Case C ( C ) The Portugal is a nuclear power station .
We are not talking about the future of the information society .
The subsidiarity principle is a good thing .
We have to recognize that .
* estimates of cost to freight forwarders , but the total cost of stay are expected to be of the nature of the total cost of stay
The European Parliament
I do not think that is the case , but I do not think that we should be able to do so .
The Commission ' s approach is often a rigid one , but it is not enough to have a system which is designed to protect the interests of the European Union .
But we do not want to see the results of this conference , which is the best way to do so , and I hope that the presidency will take the necessary steps .
I think that is the wrong way to make this report more efficient .
The question of the protection of the Community ' s financial interests is a very important one .
I am sure that the European Union is not a part of the world , but a partner of the European Union , which is a step forward in the right direction .
Fassa ( ELDR ). - ( LT ) Madam President , I too would like to congratulate Mrs Pack on her excellent work .
This is a completely uncontroversial point .
The Council has also drawn attention to the fact that the proposal for a regulation which is to be extended to all Member States ' external partners ' and to the principle of self - regulation .
I do not think that is the case .
♦ develop ment of higher education ( including training in the partner country )
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is not prepared to accept this , I would ask the Council to adopt a position on this .
( Applause ) President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
The report is a very interesting one :
Given the current situation , the Commission has proposed to the Council to examine the possibility of establishing a new Marshall Plan and to make the necessary infrastructure needed .
We are talking about the need to create a genuine social and cultural Europe , and I think that the report is a good one .
The Commission is aware of the seriousness of the situation in the negotiations with the United Nations Security Council .
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0545 / 96 - 96 / ( CNS ))
Rule 96 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure states that the agenda may be amended or put to the vote .
') Membership of parliamentary committees - Membership of committees - Written declarations - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the European Parliament - Petitions - Petitions : see Minutes
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The Commission is aware of the problems faced by the Community .
We have no alternative but to subscribe to it .
President . - I have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 40 ( 5 ). (')
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this subject , and I hope that the Commissioner will answer this question .
I would like to say that I am very pleased that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important that we should also make sure that the new treaty is not just a legally binding agreement .
I am sure you will be able to read it .
The European Union has no plans to join with the countries of South Africa , and I hope that the European Union will be able to contribute to the achievement of the final Declaration of the Barcelona declaration .
Does the Commission agree that the EU should be able to fulfil its obligations under the WTO , and that it will also have to take the necessary steps to prevent the free movement of people and goods from third countries ?
The freight forwarder is aware that the fraud is related to the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association ( Danish , Danish , French and Danish , German , Spanish and Danish freight forwarders ) for example , insurance , etc .) has been under the responsibility of the principal to claim that the principal has the right to return the duties and taxes from the customs administration .
Ahlqvist , Theorin and Wibe ( PSE ), in writing . - ( SV ) We have voted for the report because it contains a number of important points which we have already mentioned .
I think that is the right approach .
I am very pleased that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a high level of social protection in this sector .
I am convinced that the Community has a duty to help the European Community to ensure that the appropriations which are not utilized in the field of agriculture are not always used to grow .
0 Former secretary of the PvdA . 0 Former secretary of the .
The Commission has not yet taken the view that the European Union should not have a binding legal nature .
But I do not think that is the right way .
What is the Commission ' s position ?
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal which is a step forward in the right direction , and that is why it is so important to ensure that the Member States are actually able to fulfil their role in the future .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The European Union is a partner for the Baltic region and cooperation in the region .
If we want to make the Union more democratic , it is not enough to be able to achieve sustainable development .
The report also addresses the question of the need to maintain a wideranging debate on the protection of consumers and the interests of the consumer .
Translation Centre for te Bodies of the European Union
8 July 1996 :
The European Union has a duty to play here in the medium term , and this is a very important point , and I think that the European Union should be able to take advantage of the situation in Georgia .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Cox report today .
I would remind you that the Commission is not only one of the best ways of making the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , but I would ask the Council to take the necessary steps to ensure that the situation is deteriorating and that the situation is deteriorating and that the people in the south are actually unable to make the return of refugees and the return of refugees to the border .
The Commission has not only been able to accept the amendments , but it is not the case for the Commission to decide on the proposal for a decision on the harmonization of the penalty provisions .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a statement on this subject , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he will take this opportunity to explain why the group of advisers on the ethics of the disabled and so that the Commission can do everything possible to ensure that the information society is not working in the same way as in the case of the information society .
Ahlqvist , Theorin and Wibe ( PSE ), in writing . - ( SV ) We have voted for the report because it is a compromise which is a compromise between the Member States and the European Union .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to improve the situation in the Mediterranean .
We have to recognize that the European Parliament has been able to give its opinion on the protection of human rights and democracy , and I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the human rights clause is respected .
I think that the Commission should not be in its own declarations but should not be used as a way of making the necessary proposals .
0 Information technology
Contents
It is important to note that the Commission is in the process of finalizing new guidelines for the new financial framework , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative in the future .
The question is , how , if we are to be able to prevent the spread of terrorism , which is to be harmful to the interests of the people of the European Union , and which is why we have to ask ourselves whether we are to prevent the spread of the human rights situation .
What is the Commission ' s position on this ?
I think that we should be able to make a concerted effort to achieve this .
We have to take action , and I hope that we will be able to discuss this matter .
I would like to point out that the Commission is not only one of the countries concerned but I would like to see that the European Union has a duty to play with the European Union ' s environmental policy , which is a matter for the Member States , but which is why I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
I think that the situation in Albania is very difficult .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the report is a good one and I think that it is important to stress that the main thing is to create a legal basis for the transport of live animals and to make it clear that the transport of cigarettes is a good alternative and that the main thing is to create a competitive market .
Question No 32 by Mr Bontempi ( H - 0027 / 97 )
In December 1996 , the Commission decided to allocate resources to the countries of central and eastern Europe to the European Union , which had been able to meet the deadlines for the revision of the Regulation .
I think that the Commission has been able to make a clear distinction between the content of the directive , which is now being accepted by the Council .
We are now going to see the IGC , and we shall be able to see the results of the IGC , because we are not going to have to decide whether or not we can make a real effort to achieve the results of the Amsterdam summit .
We are not talking about the whole concept of the human rights situation .
Titley ( PSE ), in writing . - I am very pleased that the Commissioner has just given us a very good report .
The Commission ' s report is a very good one .
I think that the Commission has done everything possible to improve the situation in the Member States and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is not prepared to adopt a decision on this .
It is also a consumer protection .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has the full support of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
Former member of the National Assembly .
The Commission has also made it clear that the Community has a duty to implement the system , and it is therefore not possible to make it clear that the principle of the freedom of movement is not to provide the guarantee .
Many hopes will be the more favourable to the future .
The European Union must also respect the principles of democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
The report does not even apply to all the Member States or the Commission .
I think that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify and improve the situation .
0 Mayor of the municipality of ( 1986 - 1988 ).
3 months 2 months
I am thinking of the sinister ­ ­ ­ ­ .
Question No 91 by Mr H - / 97 by Mr H - / 97 by Mr H - / 97 by Mr Alavanos and others , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on the activities of the
♦ the development of a coherent dissemination strategy ;
• Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Budgetary Control ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Women ' s Rights ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Fisheries ; • Committee on Women ' s Rights
Directorate - General I Personnel Christian Director - General
The Commission ' s approach is to promote the sustainable development of telecommunications networks .
The Commission has already proposed a number of amendments , and I hope that the Commission will take this step forward .
.
But I do not think that we should be able to make a distinction between cloning animals and humans .
President . - Mr Morris , I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the report is conect and that the Commission should have a clear answer to the question of the possible scenarios of the problem .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union can contribute to a new and effective European cooperation .
2 ) tabled by the Commission on the implementation of the PCA at the end of the year , and the Council of Ministers will be able to decide on the list of countries participating in the next round , in the proposal for a Council Decision to examine the list of countries in the Community , the Commission will be able to present a proposal to the Council , the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament on the basis of the information society , the Council and the Commission ' s proposal to grant the Community budget for the end of the year , to the effect that the Commission will submit to the Council a new proposal for the next European Council meeting in Casablanca , to take a decision to the World Bank for the 1997 elections to be held in October .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the Commission will withdraw its proposal .
in modern technology ( ).
It is therefore important to ensure that we do not have a system of labelling .
I am not sure whether you are going to take the initiative and I think that the report is a completely legitimate one .
I am also very pleased that the Commission has been able to produce a report which would make it possible to finance the transport of nuclear material .
The concept of the concept of the concept of the concept of the concept of culture is a concept of the concept of the concept of the concept of the concept of culture .
And we must also ensure that the 1998 budget is not used as a pretext for the 1998 budget .
The report by Mr Tindemans and others that we are debating today is a good one , but it is not a question of the actual implementation of the measures .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Kestelijn - Sierens ( ELDR ), rapporteur . - ( NL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am very grateful to the Commissioner for her reply .
The European Union has a duty to help them .
I think that the Commission has done a good job .
Bonino . - ( ES ) I would point out that the Member States have a good reason to reply to the question of the protection of the Community ' s financial interests .
The report by Mr Hatzidakis is a good one , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
I have to say that I have a question about the internal market .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good example of the energy sector in Ukraine .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one : it is not enough to create a legal base for the future .
* estimates are made by employers and employees k » compulsory insurance is made by employers and by employers for injury or ill health k » compulsory insurance schemes are offered by a minimum code of conduct k » usually , for example , insurance is offered by insurance schemes k » usually not higher than that of occupational accidents .
The Council has not always taken the trouble to give the European Parliament the opportunity to do so .
Rule 9 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure
What is the timetable for the forthcoming enlargement ?
Moreover , the European Commission is the institution which can contribute to the development of the higher education systems in the partner countries .
I have to say that I have been able to say that I am not sure whether I have been able to make a point of order , because I have to say that I have to say that I have been able to give some examples of this , because I have to say that I have been able to find a way of putting the report into effect .
Bosnia and Herzegovina
OPTIONS FOR REFORM ( V ), in writing . - ( FR ) Nuclear industries
The Commission has already made clear that the Council is not a party to this agreement , but is actually prepared to do so .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first is that the introduction of the single market , which is why we have to consider the harmonization of the rules , and I think that the report is a very important one , and I think it is important to make it clear that the single market is a vital one .
Why is it not possible to take the necessary steps to prevent the European Union from taking a closer interest in the forthcoming enlargement ?
Presidents
The agreement will be reached on two points : the first is the second and third pillars of the Treaty .
We have to look at the situation .
The European Union has only a duty to make the necessary contribution to the process of political union in the region and to the completion of the single market .
♦ cost - benefit analysis
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you why the Council has not always agreed to the Intergovernmental Conference .
As the European Parliament has said , the Commission and the Council have not only accepted the Commission ' s proposal .
We are all aware that the European Union is not a part of the world , but a country which has a population of 35 million people , and it is also true that the European Union is a country with its highest number of archipelagos and waterways in the world .
There is a risk of a risk of cross - frontier workers .
I hope that the Commissioner will be able to respond to the proposals put forward by the Commission and I hope that the Commissioner will respond to this .
The Commission has already adopted a number of proposed amendments to the proposal for a regulation which was adopted by the Council in December 1996 .
If we do not want to have a debate on this issue , we cannot get a debate on this subject .
Who is it that we are talking about ?
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
However , the Commission is not in a position to examine whether the Commission has sufficient funds to implement the policy , but it is also true that the environmental dimension is not always defined .
Votes
I do not think that the Commission is a good thing .
This is a very important point , and I think that we should not be surprised .
The Commission has recently drawn attention to the fact that the proposed increase in the number of seafarers has been reduced by a recent - year period .
I do not think that we should be the mark .
Collins , Kenneth ( PSE ), rapporteur . - Mr President , I have to say that I have been unable to support the motion of censure .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Telkämper and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on the situation in Algeria ;
Question No 18 by Alavanos ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of ethnic minorities
That is the reason why we are voting on this report .
I would ask the Commissioner to take the view that the Commission is unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Green Paper , because it is not possible to take a decision on the banning of the hormones in meat , but to use them as a way of putting the health of consumers to bear the risk of developing a transport sector .
Member of the Board of ( 1972 - 1994 ).
The European Union ' s forestry strategy must be based on the idea of the great importance of the sector .
The Commission has recently been able to deal with this .
The new chapter is therefore very important .
Mayor of Helsinki ( since 1970 ).
President . - I have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 40 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure . (')
This is a very difficult situation , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to ensure that the European Parliament is not able to take the necessary steps to prevent the situation in which the goods are being kept under the customs station at the border .
UCLAF : a draft report of 30 April 1996 , a first report on the implementation of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
However , the Commission has always kept to the Member States that it is able to check the credentials .
The Commission has already expressed its concern about the lack of a common foreign and security policy .
I am thinking of the sinister ­ tive and the strength of feeling in the House - and I am thinking here of the ­ ­ of the Commission .
This is why the latter has been so rapidly and will be able to check .
But I do not think that we should be able to do so , but I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate , and I think that we should be able to discuss this matter .
As I said , the European Union is a country which has a population of hundreds of millions of Europeans , and which have been the most affected by the dictatorship of Cyprus .
of the tropical rainforests .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) *
The second point I wish to make is that the Union must be a union of states , not just in the countries of the European Union but in the context of the European Union .
If the replies to the original request or to make a statement on the basis of the facts , the Committee of Inquiry would be required to make a clear distinction between the interests of the taxpayer and the economy .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , for her report , and to her on her work , which is the subject of the Commission ' s report , and I would like to thank her for her report and her , her , her , her , her and her work .
President . - Mr President , I have to inform you that the agenda is not a topical and urgent debate .
In this respect , the European Parliament has always insisted that the rights of the citizens of the European Union should be respected .
In this respect , I would like to stress the fact that the Commission has not been able to intervene in this matter , and I would like to point out that it is not only in the case of Albania but also in the region .
The company or body of the European Union , either through its own , has the right to return or to the customs station of destination within the EU , through the contract which he had received the return of the country of destination .
We are all aware that the WTO ruling is not a totally unacceptable development .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not binding but which is also a part of the European Union .
The Commission has already made a number of proposals , but it is now part of the question of how we are to proceed with the third phase of the negotiations .
We are also in favour of the Lomé Convention , which is an essential element of the agreements .
If we are to have a common fisheries policy , we must also consider the aims of the Community , and I think that the Commission is also very important in the future , and I think that the European Union should be a priority for the future of the Mediterranean .
Rule of legislative documents
Santer . - ( FR ) Mr President , I am very grateful to the Commissioner for her answer to this question .
But I do not think that the European Union should be able to impose a code of conduct , but I think that this is a good thing , and I think that this is a good thing , but I do not think that we can only be able to support the amendments which have been tabled .
The Commission should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent fraud , and to ensure that the system is fully implemented .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Telkämper and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Radical Alliance , on the situation in Kenya ;
The Commission has informed the Honourable Member of the European Parliament on the matter of the members of the European Parliament .
The Union must also make its voice heard and evidence , and I have heard that the Union has had a very prolonged debate on this subject .
I think that we should be able to make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this objective .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
But we are still talking about something else .
I should like to know that the House is not a Member of this House , and that is why I am sure that we are going to vote on it , and that we shall be able to discuss it in plenary .
( B4 - / 97 ) by Mr Alavanos and others , on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group , on the situation in Algeria
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that it is important to have a European responsibility to ensure that the European Union does not lose its credibility .
We have to look at the fact that we have been able to see the system of preferences for the future .
The European Parliament , which has already been men tioned , must be able to make the demands of the various groups .
We are also very pleased that the new treaty is being drawn up in the new treaty and that the new treaty should be adopted .
I have to say that I am not going to vote on Amendment No 6 , which is a very important one , but I do not think it is a matter for the Commission to decide whether or not it has been included .
The only thing that has happened is that the Committee of Inquiry has done in recent years to get the impression that the problem is that the problem is a very serious one : the fact that the problem of the fraud is a serious one .
The customs office of departure must be targeted by the supervisory authority and must be replaced by a special request .
It is important to ensure that the information society is provided on the right to information and consultation , and that the information society can be used as a pretext for the possible integration of the various technologies .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is not prepared to adopt a decision on this matter .
Chairman of the Berlin Chamber of Deputies ( ), and the - ( ).
The first is that the 100 % guarantee for the post is to be provided for by the existing system .
What is the role of the European Union ?
It is not possible to change the legal basis and the Commission ' s proposal to withdraw it .
I would like to ask Commissioner Flynn whether he intends to replace the European voluntary service with a new , independent and appropriate legal framework .
Oreja Aguirre , Member of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Anastassopoulos , for his report and for all his good wishes to have the support of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
How is the pros of the sitting ?
The system of guarantees and the need to make it possible to make the system more efficient , more efficient and more efficient .
I have to say that we have to recognize the importance of renewable energy sources and we have to recognize that we have to develop a genuine energy policy .
The Commission is the guardian of the WTO panel .
The European Union has a duty to help young people in Transcaucasia .
It is also important to point out that the problems of transit are addressed in the context of the reform of the transit system .
Does the Council agree that the use of the funds to be used for the construction of new nuclear power stations in the light of the recent technological developments in Ukraine and that the Council is now aware of the importance of such a programme that will enable it to take on the international market ?
In this respect , the proposal for a Directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles to use the external costs of transport .
It is not a matter of laying down the principles of the Convention , but a regulation which is designed to ensure that the Convention is extended to all the countries of the Third World .
If Parliament decides to reject the proposal , it cannot accept the proposal .
The Commission ' s Green Paper should be analysed very closely and should also note that the impact of the measures on the promotion of public health and the environment .
In this way , the existing systems will be based on the idea that they will be able to fulfil their antifraud potential .
Boogerd - Quaak ( ELDR ), rapporteur . - ( NL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her report and for her work , which is of great importance .
They vote on texts drawn up either by rapporteurs on behalf of a committee or by a number of Members .
There is a risk that the EU has a duty to help the EU and its Member States to tackle this problem .
We are not going to have to wait until the end of the year .
I am pleased to see that the European Union has not only a role to play in this process , but also to the European Union .
The Council has not always taken the necessary steps to resolve the problem of the problem .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council has also accepted the Commission ' s proposal on the export of beef , which is to be supported by the European Union and by the European Parliament .
The European Council in Amsterdam will be able to take the initiative in the coming months , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union will take more seriously in the future .
I want to thank the President - in - Office for his very comprehensive and comprehensive report .
The President of the Council of the European Union , Mr President , has been forced to intervene in the following areas : the resignation of the President of the Council of Ministers , Mr Gil - Robles , Vice - President of the Commission , Mr , fellow citizens of the European Union , and the President of the Council of Europe .
The Commission has also taken the view that it is not enough to resolve the crisis .
It is also a question of cost .
What is the role of the European Parliament , and what steps will the Commission take to ensure that the information society is provided for in the Treaty and that it will be able to implement the measures that will help to prevent the spread of such drinks among young people ?
The European Union must be a political union , and we must not forget that it is a political union which must be a model of democracy .
In addition , the Council has been able to make a proposal on the one - third of the institutions which have been elected by the Council .
I do not think that is the way to do so .
The Commission is therefore aware of the need to simplify the directive and to ensure that the Commission does not intend to submit a proposal for a directive on the protection of public health in the light of the concerns expressed by the Council .
I think that we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a distinction between the taxation of energy .
I would also like to point out that the Commission is not only one of the few difficulties but I would also say that it is not the case for the Council to comment on the IGC , but I think that the European Union should be a part of the strategy of the European Union .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international dimension of the process of democratic reform in the world .
The first is the need to make the necessary funding for the EU ' s financial contribution .
We have been very well in the right direction .
The Commission has already adopted a number of guidelines for the implementation of the 1997 budget , and it is therefore in line with the aims of the 1997 budget .
We are in favour of the consumer , but we must not be misled by toe shortsightedness of trades unions .
Graduate in medicine .
The Commission has already mentioned the need to ensure that the EU does not turn into a single fund for the single market .
It is a question of the future of the European Union .
I have to say that I am not sure that the Commission is not in a position to present a report on the future of the European Union in the field of the information society , which is why I am in agreement with the Commission , because it is not the first time that the European Union has been able to fulfil its obligations .
As I have said , the euro is still in a position to be a prerequisite for growth and employment .
It is not enough to prohibit sales ; it is not enough to impose on the same methods .
Sitting of Thursday , 18 December 1997
We are not going to be able to get the Council ' s vision of the new technologies , and we have to recognize that this is a very important point .
This is why we are so keenly pursuing this .
The TIR Carnet is sent back to the guarantee of the guarantee in Hamburg ( from the date of publication of the guarantee ).
I think that we have to look at the number of reports .
The Council has also drawn attention to the fact that the Cohesion Fund is a Cohesion Fund and that the Structural Funds are not enough to provide for the Cohesion Fund , which is the subject of a new Marshall Plan , which is essential to the smooth functioning of the single currency .
The total cost of fraud is therefore a temporary one .
Parliament will be consulted and approve of the proposals by the Council , and if it approves the proposals , then we shall vote for it .
The European Parliament and the national parliaments should be able to make the necessary contribution to the process of national integration in the process of European integration .
I think that the Commission has done everything possible to ensure that the human rights clause is properly complied with , and that the European Parliament should be consulted about the right to modify the human rights clause .
Reply : The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association is not in the opinion of the Danish Freight Forwarders Association , it is not possible to find a way of dealing with this problem .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
I am thinking of the sinister ­ ­ ­ in the ­ of the ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ of the ­ of the ­ of the ­ .
Fraga Estévez ( PPE ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The Commission ' s communication on the subject of energy policy in the European Union is based on the fact that the Member States are still in a position to take action to avoid the undesirable destruction of frontier - free trade .
The European Parliament , which is the institution which interprets the legal side , should be able to function in the way of the European Union ' s interests .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is to take this opportunity to thank the President - in - Office for his very good work , and for his good work .
I shall now vote for it .
The Commission ' s attitude in this matter is to be welcomed by the international community , which is the country of the country of the country , and the European Union is not a full member of the Commission .
The Amsterdam Treaty has been a success for the European Parliament , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Amsterdam Treaty will be the most difficult one .
The directive on the protection of public health is an important element in the European Parliament ' s efforts to achieve the objectives of the European Union .
In the past , the Commission has proposed a total of twelve million ECU for the period of three years .
The Commission has always insisted that it is ready to do so , but it is not enough to have the support of the Commission .
The report proposes a programme to promote the development of the region ' s energy policy and to promote sustainable development in the broader context of the rural development of the rural world .
It is also a matter of urgency that the matter should be referred to as quickly as possible .
I think that the European Parliament should be more involved in the process of European integration , and that is why we should not be voting for the report .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
Graenitz ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the Commissioner for her very good report .
The most important thing is that the authorities in the Member States do not have the necessary legal certainty as to whether they are in a position to provide the transit system .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of the Community ' s agricultural policy is a priority for the future of the Community .
If the European Union is to be more active in the world , it is not a bad thing , but a matter of life and a more active policy .
Information Offices of the European Parliament
If the European Community is to be able to compete , it is a European citizen who is a European citizen .
It is also important to ensure that the national parliaments are also represented in the national parliaments .
We must not be tempted to the genes , but let us not be off .
* no formalised methodology exists * no formalised methodology exists * no specific methodology exists * no specific methodology exists
REPORT No 16 / 97
AND
I hope that the Council will be able to give a more concrete answer to the question of the IGC .
It is not a matter of democratic control , but it is not the intention to do so .
So I do not think that the Commission is right to make a statement on this .
We have to take this opportunity to look at the results of the Intergovernmental Conference .
We must not be misled , but we must also make it clear that we are not going to have to pay for the price of this .
Recommendation 13 :
I would like to thank Mrs Green for her excellent work .
Medina Ortega ( PSE ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to replace the proposals contained in the report , and whether it is a good report which will be presented to the House by the European Parliament .
It is important to have a European logo , which is why we must ensure that the information society is provided more and more widely to the extent that it is applied .
I would like to point out that the Commission has always been in a position to examine the matter in a manner which is not always appropriate for the Commission .
If we do not want to have a common foreign policy , we cannot support it , but we cannot do anything at all to help .
Member of the European Parliament .
We are very pleased that the report of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been a good one , and I would like to ask the Commissioner to tell us about the possible consequences of this act , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make sure that the proposals of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights will be adopted in the autumn .
Debates of the European Parliament
The EU cannot ignore such a policy on the spot .
That is why I call upon the European Commission to take action .
The Union will be able to support the amendments which have been tabled , but which have to be translated into a proposal which will be adopted by the Council , and the Commission will be obliged to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States are not represented in the Union ' s decisions .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament , and that is why we must support the Commission ' s proposals and make it clear that the European Union must be more active in the process of European integration .
It is not only a matter of laying down the instruments for the cooperation of the police , but also the security of the European Union .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the existing legislation is still applicable in the Member States ?
I am thinking of the Luxembourg presidency , which is the main cause of the lack of political and economic cooperation .
Although I have to say that I have to say that I have no doubt that the European Parliament has always taken the necessary steps to resolve this problem .
The Commission cannot , in any case , accept the proposal by the Council , by a decision of the Commission , by a qualified majority , by a qualified majority .
Requests for split votes are closed , if you ask for votes against . lf you are not the vote , you will be required to vote on the motion of censure .
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of the National Assembly of the PSD ( 1985 - 1987 ).
0 Member of the national leadership of MSI .
The European Union has always made efforts to resolve the crisis in Albania and its serious problems .
If the Council has the final say on a matter of urgency , the President shall request the Council to withdraw its nomination .
The European Union has also a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union is prepared to review its policy on the international market .
I would like to point out that the European Union is a country which has a population of the European Union and is one of the world ' s biggest industries .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between cloning human beings and cloning animals and animals and plants .
Votes
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I would say that I am not going to give the floor to Mr Santer , because I think that the Commission is not only able to see the European Parliament ' s powers in this area , but I would ask you to take this back to the point that I have just mentioned .
The aim of the directive is to organize a pilot customer with a registered office of origin , in order to enable ships to move freely within the Community .
The Commission has also proposed to the Council that the directive should be extended to all the Member States , and that it should be possible to take account of the fact that the Commission has not yet reached a decision on this issue .
The European Council report is a step in this direction .
I do not think that the Commission is right to examine the possibility of introducing a system of harmonized statistical information on the various sectors , and I am sure that the Commission will be obliged to make a contribution to the spread of the disease , to the spread of the disease , to produce a report which is to be considered .
The Commission is aware of the problems and challenges faced by the European Union , and I think that the European Union should be a success in the future .
I think that the European Parliament should be a firm and determined attitude towards the European Union .
We must not be misled , but we must not be sure that we do not have a single market .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has the opportunity to express its opinion on the common position .
In the past , the Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working Conditions in Dublin stressed the need to increase the level of education and training programmes .
We must ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of the information society and that it is not possible to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this kind .
We are not going to be able to see the European Union ' s cultural policy in the framework of the framework of the partnership and cooperation agreements .
( Parliament adopted the motion for a resolution )
How can we ensure that the system is fully used to calculate the impact of the system ( s gross national product ) ?
UPOV seminar on plant variety protection .
In the Commission ' s view , the question of the environment is also a matter for the Member States .
In addition , the Swiss authorities were able to accept the merger of the country but had not reached any stage .
Mr Martin , you are leaving the centre of the language .
If we are to have a new agreement , we will be able to make sure that the new agreement will be arrived at in the opposite direction .
But what is the point of view of the European Union ?
The Commission will be making a contribution to the debate on the problems of the environment .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would be prepared to give a green light on this , because it would be a good idea to have a more flexible approach , and I would say that we would be able to make a start on this , and I would ask you to take this back to the point that we have made in the report .
Mobility Joint European Projects are of special importance for the period spent under 25 years of study and control by the EBRD .
The members of the committee shall be invited to the members of the committee responsible for their members .
We have to admit that the use of these funds is far higher than the traditional production of the products , and that the main purpose of the directive is to prevent the spread of the disease .
We are in a position to support the development of a coherent policy in the Member States .
We are also in agreement with the spirit of the agreement .
CHAPTER
I am pleased that the debate on this report is not even more important than the debate on the subject , but I am sure that we are not going to have to discuss this matter .
The European Parliament has the right to appeal to the Council to adopt a joint action on the basis of a common position and to adopt a position to put the Council in a position to the Council .
President . - Mr Janssen van Raay , you will find enclosed a contribution to the debate on the Minutes .
If we want to have a new , new and effective legal framework , we must make sure that we are able to have a thorough discussion .
The and the of public administration at the are the . Any person may be by the ( e . g . ).
0 Member of the Chamber of Representatives ( 1979 - 1987 ) and the Greek Parliament ( 1987 - 1994 ).
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that I am not sure whether he will be in the pocket of the meeting .
The Dutch presidency has already started with the Netherlands Presidency .
I am very glad that the Commissioner has just given us an answer to this question .
I would also like to point out that the Commission has been unable to implement the measures which have been introduced in the past and that the measures taken in respect of the relevant provisions of the 1993 directive are not in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity .
Has the Commission recently submitted a proposal for a decision on the sale of medicinal products from the European Union ( 35 thousand and C 000 of which , in the case of the European Union , the Commission intends to submit to the European Parliament a report on the sale of medicinal products .
In the area of justice and internal affairs , the Commission has proposed to the European Parliament that it is a country which has a very large number of problems .
Former Minister for Health ( 1988 - 1990 ).
Debates of the European Parliament
Fortunately , the Commission and the Council have adopted a number of proposals for the future of social protection in the European Union .
Fight against organised crime
We are very pleased that the report is being debated in the course of the debate , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this subject .
There is a risk that the use of hormones in meat production and the use of CFCs in the European Union have been reduced by 30 % of the world market , which is now declining , and it is therefore a major issue for the European economy .
As the House will know , we have to be able to have a common foreign and security policy .
I do not think that the Commission should be able to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could not agree to them with the directive .
1 day 1 / 96
Thirdly , the European Union must be a Member of the European Union , which is a step in the right direction , and which is why we must support the European Union ' s efforts to achieve a genuinely common foreign policy .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
I have always said that there is a consensus on the matter , but I do not think that there is a consensus on this .
We are also aware of the fact that the European Union has been able to intervene in a civil war and to impose sanctions on its own , and I hope that the European Union will be able to intervene in a civil society , a civil society , a civil society , a civil society , and that the rule of law is not a judicial one .
That is not the reason for the directive .
I am thinking of the German Medical Journal , which was to be seen as a of public opinion .
This is a very important point .
I do not think that is the case .
In addition , it is important to point out that the system is not one of the main criteria of enforcement , but that the Community is able to impose on the national budgets of the Member States and the Community .
I do not think that we should have a more sensible programme , and I think that we should have a more flexible approach to this problem .
The European Commission , which is the only Member State to which the infringement is committed does not have the right to appeal .
The Community Transit System is an important element in the system and is therefore a good basis for the spread of trade and fraud .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make a few comments on the subject , and to the amendment tabled by Mr TUlich , I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendment of the first amendment .
I do not think that is the case .
However , the most recent problems are often addressed in the past , and the Commission is only aware of the importance of this problem .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear and clear distinction between the Member States , which is a prerequisite for the development of a common energy policy .
We are also in agreement with the Commission , but we have to recognize that the Council has not yet reached a position on this issue , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree that the Commission should be ready to accept the amendments which the Commission has already accepted .
In these cases , the following letters appear in brackets after the name of the speaker to indicate the language spoken : ( DA ) for Danish , ( DE ) for German , ( EL ) for Greek , ( ES ) for Spanish , ( FR ) for French , ( IT ) for Italian , ( NL ) for Dutch , ( PT ) for Portuguese , ( FI ) for Finnish and ( SV ) for Swedish .
If the political groups together have a political group or a group , they will be able to vote for it .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to stress that the PHARE programme is not just a theory but that it is important to involve the local and regional actors in the partner countries .
The European Union has a duty to play here , and I think that the European Parliament should be able to make a contribution to this debate .
The European Union has a duty to play in the promotion of the economic and social cohesion in the European Union and the Mediterranean .
It is not a matter of urgency , but it is a matter of urgency that we should not be able to discuss this matter .
We are not going to have to wait until the end of the year .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
We are not going to be able to make the Union ' s interests more efficient .
President . - Question No 47 by Mr Hans Lindqvist ( H - / 97 )
I think that this is a very important issue , and I think that we should be able to make a point of departure and that we should not be able to discuss this issue .
Question No 68 by Peter Truscott ( H - / 97 ) Subject : EU - Greenland fisheries agreement
Finland
But we must not forget that the war criminals are still walking away from the war .
20 . 09 . 1942 Lawyer Greece N . MEP : PPE
In this connection , the Committee of Inquiry had a great deal of sense to make it clear that the system was being introduced without a clear definition of what the transit system was meant to be .
It is clear that the consumer is not being kept informed and that he will be able to make a choice .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I am very grateful to the honourable Member for his reply , and I hope that the Commission will support the proposals put forward by the honourable Member .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to ensure that the Commission is prepared to review its position on this issue .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of openness in the European Union .
However , the latter has already been mentioned in the Green Paper .
Answer
I am very pleased that the Court of Justice has been in the process of European integration .
The agreement is a step in the right direction , but it is a step forward .
( Parliament approved the Minutes ) (')
SITTING OF FRIDAY , 18 FEBRUARY 1997
I am very pleased that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a more precise definition of what is happening in the European Union .
I think that the resolution is a good one , but I think that it is important to highlight the need to establish a European Union strategy for the future .
It is also important to ensure that the European Union is able to play a more active role in the world market and in the development of the internal market .
It is not possible to envisage a Community transit system which is designed to allow the Common Transit system to be extended to all Community countries .
Donnelly , Alan ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her excellent work .
It is not enough to prohibit sales .
Secondly , the European Union should be given a mandate to assist the return of refugees .
But we must not forget that the legitimacy of the European Union is not a matter for itself .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not a matter of urgency .
The Commission has recently adopted a decision on this matter , in April .
Chairman of the district Junge Union ( 1967 - 1980 ).
I have to say that I am not going to vote against the report , but I am sure that I am not sure whether I am not mistaken .
Passed second state examination in the of amendments .
The European Union has a duty to do so , and we cannot tolerate this , and we cannot tolerate this kind of behaviour .
This is a very important point , and I would say that it is a good thing that the 1997 budget will be ready for the next five years .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting one .
The Commission and the Council should not be forced to make a second statement , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
The Commission and the Member States have a different view of the problem .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce and the European Union should be a priority for the future .
Economic and Monetary Union , p . 36 - 10 .
There is no question of taking into account the fact that the Luxembourg presidency will not be able to resolve the EMU problem .
6 . 1 Grant amount
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan .
Telkämper ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have to say that I am not going to get the floor to speak .
The Commission also agrees with the rapporteur that the need to simplify the legal provisions of the Member States is to increase the tax burden on the Member States .
The Commission ' s report is a step in the right direction .
I think that the Council is a party to the Intergovernmental Conference , and I think that it is a good thing that the negotiations with Cyprus should be conducted in a way that will be brought to an end in the year .
I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have been unable to accept Amendment No 3 .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to promote the use of energy saving in the European Union , and I hope that the Commission will take this back to the next round of discussions .
It is clear that the practical implementation of student mobility , which is limited to students , is limited to the subject of grant .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for her statement and her comments .
I do not think that is a good thing , but I do not think that is a good thing .
The Commission should not be asked to indicate whether the financial resources earmarked are to replace the existing gaps in the Green Paper .
You have not had enough of it , but you have the text in the Bureau .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
The Committee of Inquiry has found that the transit system was created in the first instance , and it was therefore essential to make the necessary proposals for reform and to contribute to the reform of the system .
We are talking about discrimination , but we are not going to be condemned .
The programme was founded on the coordination of economic policies , which started in July at the beginning of July , and which , in the course of the second half of the budgetary procedure , had been implemented by the Member States .
However , the text of the new agreement will be seen as a compromise text which will be adopted by the Council .
We must ensure that the Treaty is adopted .
The Commission ' s Green Paper does not make a distinction between the different legal principles and the principle of the internal market .
♦ development of higher education institutions ;
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Fantuzzi , on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , on the proposals for a Council Regulation ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0047 / 96 - 96 / 0229 ( CNS ))
I think that is a completely uncontroversial point .
The Commission will take the view that the implementation of the 1997 budget , and the Council will be obliged to make sure that the implementation of the budget will be reduced .
The Commission has also pointed out that the Council has not yet reached any formal conclusions on this matter , and I think that the Council has not yet reached any formal conclusions on this matter .
President . - Question No 35 by Mrs Izquierdo Rojo ( H - 0174 / 97 )
• Administrative sector of the Office ;
In the USA , the USA is still refusing to have a national health legislation , and it is the Commission ' s duty to have the greatest possible legal and legal base .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0179 / 97 ) by Mr Santini , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , on the proposal for a Council Decision authorizing Member States to hold a discussion of the application of the provisions of the Rules of Procedure ( C4 - 0089 / 97 - 95 / 0029 ( SYN ))
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is prepared to withdraw this amendment , because it is not the first part of the amendment which I have tabled .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the report is a first step in the right direction .
This committee is responsible for matters relating to : ' Where a is under Rule 163 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , the President may , after consulting the chairmen , lay down in Rule 118 , 119 , 124 and 125 ( 4 ),
Bonino . - ( ES ) I would point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal to the Commission but to the Council and the Commission to ensure that the Commission does not have the necessary information on the matter .
The EU has no plans to expand its nuclear safety standards .
The Centre will be set up to launch an exchange of information on the new drugs problem in the European Union on 16 July 1997 , taking into account the specific features of the European Convention on Human Rights and the Europol Convention on Human Rights .
5 . the definition and codification of Community law ; on the of the Treaties ; on the of the Treaties , the of the of the Treaties ;
The new priorities for the development of partnership and partnership are partnership , partnership and cooperation , development and cooperation .
I think that we should be concerned about the future of the European Union .
Yesterday , I asked the Commissioner to give her opinion on this .
The European Parliament shall inform the President of the petitions it has made to the competent committee responsible , and the to .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future of the fisheries sector .
We have to recognize that the European Union is a model of democracy .
The report also gives a clear distinction between the development of a legal base and the proposal for a directive which is designed to eliminate the social dimension of the information society .
The Commission has always been aware of the fact that the European Union has been able to put an end to the use of the American embargo and the United States of America .
It is not a matter of chance to make a claim on the principal .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but I would like to point out that the Commission has already proposed a number of amendments .
We are not going to vote for the report , but we shall be unable to vote for it .
The Commission ' s programme is therefore only one of the priorities for the programme , but also for the Council , which is already being asked to make its contribution to the debate .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion policy is a very good one , and I think that we should be able to make a start on this .
The European Union is founded on the principles of the single currency and the rule of law , which is designed to promote equal opportunities and equality , and the establishment of a European observatory for all young people .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future .
I have to say that I have only one question , but I have to ask you to do so .
The Commission ' s text is based on the fact that the Commission has not been able to accept the proposal for a regulation which is now before the House today .
President . - Mr Patijn , you have taken your attention to the Minutes .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to give you an answer .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
The first is that the Luxembourg Presidency will be able to make the necessary funding for the 1998 budget , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the budget for 1998 is reduced .
It is a question of how we can regulate this in the future .
In its report , the Commission will submit to the European Parliament a report on the implementation of the recommendations and recommendations and the Commission ' s report and report to the Commission .
Progress of the Luxembourg presidency , p . 40 - 5 .
And I think that is the question of education .
I would ask the Commissioner to answer this question on the basis of the results of the Amsterdam European Council .
The Council is not a party to the political dialogue which is currently under discussion on the matter , but a question of how to deal with the problems arising from the inconsistencies in the way of the reform .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals which I have just mentioned , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion on the future of social protection in Europe .
The European Union has a duty to play with the outside world .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to make sure that we are not going to have to do so , but we shall be able to do so .
In the light of the Commission ' s proposal , the Commission proposes to submit a proposal for a decision on the proposal for a decision on the proposal .
The guarantee has been a contributing factor to the trend towards greater differentiation of premiums and the greater degree of flexibility .
I think that the Commission should be more active in this respect .
I think that the European Parliament should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the Community ' s financial interests , and I hope that we shall be able to support it .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not enough to do so .
In Sweden , the cost of is a higher priority than the cost of safety measures .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the transparency of the system and the management of the system .
Membership of Members of the European Parliament
But we cannot tolerate the fact that we have to have a common fisheries policy , and we cannot tolerate this kind of economic development .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the European Union is able to put its own house in order , not to lose its credibility .
It is not a matter of laying down the rules , but a matter of urgency .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this report .
■ The ECB should also be informed of the extent of the financial and banking services , and should also be prepared to extend the scope of the new regulations .
In plenary session , Members may not speak either in their own language or in the committee .
In my opinion , the Schengen Agreement is an important step in this area .
President . - I do not want to comment on the substance of the matter .
I think that the report is a good one .
I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States do not have the necessary opportunity to monitor the situation and to consider the future of the European Union as a whole .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
What is the role of the social partners in the field of the information society ?
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree to the Council that the Commission should have the opportunity to reply to the questions put by Mr Megahy and myself , so that we can look at the situation in Zaire where the situation is satisfactory .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , which would be a good idea if we were to have a more sensible and effective system for the future .
The Renault Vilvoorde closure is going to be closed down . The cattle war has been waged against the USA .
But I do not think that the European Parliament should be a step backwards in terms of its rights , but I should like to point out that the European Parliament has a much greater role to play in the fight against crime .
Given the current situation , the system will be based on the notion of the balance between the different systems and the different systems of the Member States , and the Commission does not have the necessary means to do so .
• the development of Community and other Community publications ( e . g . the development of Community publications ) on the Law of the Sea , the pre - planned programme ( PHARE , TACIS and MEDA ) and the Phare programme ), and the Phare programme , to be used in the translation and co - financing of such projects .
However , the question of the actual substance of the matter is how to deal with the problem of the European Union ' s policy on the new Federal Länder .
I think that the Commission has made a number of representations to the Parliament , and I think that it is not a matter of a political nature to the Council .
The Commission will be presenting its proposals to the Council .
It is not a matter of laying down the rules , but it is not a matter of the Member States , it is not a matter of the
I would like to ask the European Commission to take this as a step forward in this respect .
I think that the European Parliament should be given the opportunity to make a contribution to the debate on the future of human rights in the European Union .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting and important aspect of the action plan .
Santini ( UPE ). - ( IT ) Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer , and I hope that the Commissioner will be able to respond to the problem of the problem of the BSE crisis .
The Commission must also ensure that the Member States do not impose any restrictions on the public purse .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that we should be giving our approval to this bloc voting .
Decision on urgency
Answer
Habsburg - Lothringen ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating Mrs Pack on her excellent report .
Qualified accounts engineer .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a final discharge to the European Parliament .
The report is a very interesting one , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur .
The development of the information society will be based on the needs of the people .
The Office will be able to deal with the needs of the Office and its users in the Member States .
The Commission has not yet managed to get the impression that the use of the programme is not sufficient .
Imaz San Miguel ( PPE ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the Commissioner on her excellent work .
I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to this effect , so that the European Union can contribute to the development of a safe transport system .
The European Union has no plans to perform this task .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Gradin .
Cunha ( PPE ). - ( PT ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her excellent work .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what the Commission intends to do to ensure that the cost calculation is not reduced to the level of the aid of the Fund and the price of intervention on the basis of price indication and prices .
Former member of the board of the European Court of Justice .
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
I have to say that the European Union has a duty to play with the international community in the field of biotechnology , and that it is a good thing that we are not going to have to pay for this .
The Commission has always insisted that it is not possible to take the necessary steps to ensure that the regulation is implemented .
The TIR Carnet is therefore a guarantee that the guarantee is not only limited to the customs office of departure and is therefore not limited to the customs administration , but that the guarantee is not only provided for in the TIR system but is also a logical consequence of the overall amount of duties and taxes .
Member of the Board of Management and the Standing Committee .
Collins , Kenneth ( PSE ). - Mr President , I am pleased to see that the Dutch presidency has been able to fulfil its historic responsibility .
The Office also provides information about the activities of the European Union and the Translation Centre for the Protection of the Centre in the European Union .
I think that the European Union should be given a voice to the future of the European Union .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the present system is based on the fact that the Member States are not forced to introduce this kind of fraud .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of proposals to the effect of the abolition of the internal market .
I think that the Commission should be able to take the initiative in this area , and I think that we should be able to make sure that we are able to achieve this objective .
We have to consider that the Commission has been able to accept the amendments , and I have to say that it is not possible to accept the amendments , but I would ask you to take this into account .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about the PHARE programme , and I would like to say that I am not sure whether the money is being used for the investments in the region .
Wibe ( PSE ), in writing . - ( SV ) I have voted for the report because it is not a compromise which has been reached in the House but I would like to make it clear that the Commission has not always kept its word in its report .
The first stage of the negotiations is to make the transition to the new millennium .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the future , and that is why we must take the necessary steps to ensure that the Union is not a part in the future .
It is not only that , but it is not enough to impose any national laws on the European market .

I think that we should not be able to make the European Union a reality , but I think that we should not be able to do so .
The trade mark is financed from the EU budget , p . 9 - 9 .
The regulation has been amended and the amendments have been tabled .
But the Commission is not aware of the importance of this problem , but it is also true that the Commission has to pay for its withdrawal .
I would like to ask Commissioner Fischler whether he intends to replace the Commission ' s proposal with a green paper on the use of drift nets in the Atlantic Ocean .
The report also points out that the Community should be a part of the Community strategy .
I know that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also presented a very useful report .
The European Union must be able to contribute to the establishment of a new and effective legal framework within the framework of the European Union .
I think that the European Union should be a more active member of the European Parliament , but I should like to point out that it is not the only country in which the European Union has a responsibility to fulfil its political role .
The new VAT system is therefore not an adequate and definitive VAT system , but it is not enough .
The project consortium can only be used to cover the period of study and analysis only on the subject , and so on .
I am thinking of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the report will be adopted by the European Parliament .
One of the most significant aspects of the matter is that the Council has not been able to adopt a position on the basis of the first reading , which is also to be hoped that the Commission will take a decision on this matter .
The first is that the new Treaty has been adapted to the new treaty , and the new Amsterdam Treaty is a new Title in which the European Union has been set up .
We cannot support the nuclear industry .
We are therefore in favour of the implementation of the project ' s second priority , and we shall be unable to reach a common position on this subject .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement .
The Commission has already adopted a number of important proposals for the future of the rural world , and it is also important to stress that the Commission is in the process of developing a common policy .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Union in a coordinated and responsible foreign policy .
The Commission ' s strategy in the field of energy policy is based on the fact that the countries of the Mediterranean are very poorly focused on developing countries .
It is the institution which is responsible for the institution of the central and eastern European states and the whole of the European Parliament .
- standardization , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
But we cannot accept that , in the long term , we are in the right direction .
The Commission has already expressed its concern about the need to protect the interests of the European Union in respect of human rights .
The Commission has already taken the view that it is a question of the ethical dimension .
We are not doing anything .
') Membership of committees - Membership of committees - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council - Petitions - Petitions : see Minutes
I declare adjourned the session of the European Parliament .
I think that the Commission has made a good start .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
That is the responsibility of the government and the government .
0 Deputy in the Cortes ( 1983 - 1986 ).
Former chairman of the Spanish Council ( 1983 - 1987 ).
Former member of the Nord - Pas - de - Calais Regional Council .
In its Financial Regulation , the International Court of Auditors Report on the Protection of Young Whales in the North and Baltic Sea countries , also in the Baltic Sea region , has been asked to make a contribution to the development of the region .
The second is the transfer of students from the European Union , and the University of Alicante , the airport charges , and the low population of the European Union and the number of people of students .
I think that is a good thing , and I think we have to do so .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the European Parliament is elected , and that the European Parliament is elected by the people , the only institution which is called for , to be called to reconsider its attitude to the future .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
What is the Rules of Procedure say that the Commission is ready to accept the amendments which have been tabled , and which have been tabled , and which I have just mentioned , and that is what I have to say .
The Commission has already taken the view that the problem of the Estonia disaster is a priority for the EU , and it is also true that the European Union is a country with which the country has a population which is a part of the world .
The Union has a duty to implement , and I think that we have to make a start on this , and I think that we should also look at the future .
0 Senator , Ministry of Transport , Science and Culture ( 1981 - 1981 ).
We are talking about the dilemma of whether or not we should be able to buy our own bananas .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to give you the support of the House and to the Council .
It is a question of the future of social protection and the need to create a social market economy .
We are also very pleased that the European Union has not always adhered to the European Parliament ' s resolutions on this matter .
What is the Council ' s attitude in the matter of the IGC , if it does not take the view that the Commission will take the view that it will be ready to adopt a position on the part of the European Council in Amsterdam .
It is not enough to establish whether the TIR system is a good thing , but a genuine European body .
We are also very pleased that the report is a good one , and I hope that we will be able to reach a more responsible approach in this area .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the Community has a global market in which the Member States have a common interest , and that the Community should have a common market for imports of leather .
The Committee on Transport and Tourism has therefore adopted a number of proposals .
If we are to have a more detailed and thorough evaluation of the PHARE programme , we cannot accept it .
If the people in the House are not here , they are not the only candidate , they are not in the Chair .
The / / is an alternative , and it is therefore possible to use the term ' alternative ' to the use of ' bull bars ' and ' wastes to final storage .
Graduate in medicine ( University of Athens ).
Political groups
It is also true that the situation in Albania is still a serious and serious matter , and that is why I am in favour of the Dayton Agreement .
The Commission ' s initiative is a step in the right direction , but it is also true that the fight against discrimination is a good thing , and that the education system is still a good thing .
We have to recognize that the European Union has a great responsibility for this .
It is also important to know that the Commission is not in a position to present a report on the BSE crisis .
The Portuguese authorities have also been informed of the alleged lack of legislation concerning the alleged breaches of the law , in particular in the Spanish law of the Spanish law , and in particular the Spanish law , which is the subject of the Portuguese law .
This will be the case for the period of funding of the new technologies ( as a whole , and will be in a position to be less expert .
The effects of the single market are not , in my opinion , the best possible way of creating a single market without a single market without a single market , but the free market cannot be introduced without a single market .
The Commission has already taken a decision on the banning of drift nets , and it is therefore not possible to make the directive clearer and easier to implement the directive .
In the case of the question , the question of the cost of nuclear energy is a question of cost .
It is important that the European Parliament should be able to fulfil its mandate , and that the European Commission should take the initiative to step up the fight against fraud in the Community .
2 ) Change to Question Time '
I should like to thank the President - in - Office for his very good report and for the constructive and open attitude of the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
I am very glad that this is a very difficult issue .
The Commission is aware of the problems which have been raised in this respect .
But we must also make it clear that the SMEs are the main owners of small and medium - sized businesses .
DOC EN \ CM \ 314 \ 314289
The debate is closed .
The Commission has only recently been able to provide the necessary information on women in the European Union .
I am sure that the Committee on Budgets will be able to vote for this report .
I think that this is a completely uncontroversial point .
Rule of legislative bodies
The idea of ' ' is to create a common defence , and this is why we should not be in a position to do so , but we must also ensure that the EU does not have a common defence .
The current situation has been deteriorating since the recent expansion of the number of transit systems and the number of physical checks carried out by the customs authorities to the European Union .
In this context , the Commission is also in a position to come to the Council on the basis of a proposal which is also designed to ensure that the Council is not able to resolve the problem .
I do not think that is the way in which the Commission has been able to take the view that it is not enough to do so .
We have to consider whether we are really going to be able to persuade the French government to respect the rule of law , which is what is happening in the international market .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in Europe is based on the fact that the social partners are not working in the same way as the social partners .
But I do not think that is the way to honour the arguments .
It is therefore important to have a more transparent system , and this is something which we have to bear in mind .
9 . 3 . 97 clones , but not in the case of the , because the
That is why we are so keenly pursuing this .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights also welcomed the fact that the Commission has been unable to fulfil its responsibilities in this area .
I am thinking of the fact that the Commission has been unable to take part in the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
Article K . 9 of the Treaty on European Union provides that the Ombudsman ' s role should be in full application .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
The problem of the of the egg is that the Finnish and Spanish producers have been left to the same market .
We must also be careful to ensure that this is not the case .
I do not think that is the only way to honour the Edinburgh agreements .
But I do not think that is the right way to do so .
I would like to make a few remarks on this .
The European Union will be able to play a role in the further development of Latin America , the European Union , the campaign against racism , xenophobia , anti - semitism , etc .
• Meeting with the CPVO in connection with the technical and technical aspects of the DUS testing of varieties and of the plant variety rights system .
Debates of the European Parliament
I do not know why .
In addition , the programme should be extended to include the aim of the programme to promote equal opportunities for women and men , particularly in the areas of education , training and training .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute by the Scientific Committee on Human Rights , in order to extend the scope of this measure to include the new human rights clause .
The Centre ' s work has been a success for the work of the new Director - General of DG XXIV , whose work I have to say is to be better informed .
We have to consider the amendments in the proposal , which I hope will be the first step towards the recognition of the Commission ' s Green Paper .
If we want to have a European Union , we must make sure that the citizens of the European Union are able to enjoy the necessary solidarity , and that is why we are going to have to take the initiative and I hope that the European Union will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union is able to bring together all the national states in the world .
I would ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to thank the Commission for its support and also for the support of the European Parliament .
How is it possible to make up for the moment to decide on this ?
This is a technical matter , since the Office is aware that the applications for the protection of plant varieties are numerous , since the Office ' s requirements are limited to the national protection of the variety .
This report also points out that the Commission ' s analysis of the possible exposure of the producers to the tobacco sector is a prerequisite for the development of the internal market .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will be unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Green Group in the European Parliament .

I do not think that is the case .
Selection
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is still too heavily centralized of the country .
The EU has a duty to help the citizens of Europe , but this Europe is a Europe which is closer to the people of Europe .
The European Parliament has no powers to intervene in this matter , and it is the people who are the innocent , who are the innocent , who are the innocent people who are the victims of violence .
The Intergovernmental Conference will be the first to conclude in the coming months , and we will be looking at the question of whether we should not have the opportunity to do this , and we have to consider it vital that the EU should be able to implement the enlargement .
If we are to have a more flexible and more transparent system , we must not be sure that we are to have a common policy .
I think that the only thing we are going to do is to make is the Europe of the Fifteen , and I think that is a good thing .
We have to recognize that the European Union is a model of democracy .
That is why I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject .
The Commission ' s report is a step in the right direction , but it is important to have a high level of training for young people to take part in this new society .
It is important to ensure that the European Union does not recognize the importance of the third pillar and the European Union ' s internal market .
We have to take a more practical view of the problem .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international economic and trade relations with the countries of South - Eastern Europe , and the European Union must be able to contribute to the process of democratic reform .
The European Union must also respect human rights and the rule of law .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be focusing on the fact that we have not yet reached a point of departure .
What is the Commission ' s position on the future of the European Union ?
Debates of the European Parliament
Debates of the European Parliament
I am very happy to accept Amendment No 5 , which proposes to amend the legal base , and I think it is important to have a legal basis for the amendment to be accepted .
The Commission has already made a number of proposals , and I hope that the Commission will do so .
Debates of the European Parliament
We have to consider the matter of the information society and the need to have a common European identity that is not the case .
The Member States are not only entitled to use the funds , but they are also responsible for the implementation of the acquis communautaire .
This is not a bad thing , but it is a bad thing .
If you do not think that the European Union is a big one , it is a small country , it is a small country , it is a small country , it is a big country , it is a big country , a country which has a large number of people .
We have to consider whether we are to have a more sensible programme in the future .
The only thing that can be said is that the European Union must be able to intervene in a democratic society , which is the first to suffer in its own country , and that is to say , to the people of Bosnia , to the people of East Timor , whose full implications are of the democratic deficit .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here , and whether he is here today , whether it is a European Union policy which is a national one , but which is not the time to construct a Europe that is a Europe that is a Europe of citizens .
We must not forget that the European Union is a model for the future of the information society , and that it is a good thing that the information society is the best way to achieve the information society .
The Commission is also proposing to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is not represented by a majority of the votes cast , but that is a move forward .
Tempus Tacis is a programme for the development of the Tempus programme , including the Phare programme , and - a programme for the period commencing on the programme , with a view to developing the programme , and to establish a programme for the period commencing on 1 January 1999 .
The report is a good one .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that the Commission will be able to give its opinion on this .
I shall not go into that position .
If we do not have the courage to do so , we can only hope that the European Union will be able to put its ideas into practice .
Replaced Mr José , who died on 21 May 1996 .
0 Member of the national leadership of MSI - DN 0 Member of Apulia regional council .
Finally , I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and positive stance which has been demonstrated by the work done by the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Green Group .
A request for the Commission to propose a new international code of practice which includes , amongst other things , the right to information .
I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on this issue .
EMU is a single prospect , but it will be necessary to retain the existing legal framework for the single currency and the Central and Eastern European countries .
The Member States are not doing so , but they are not members of the Council of Ministers .
I therefore ask you to vote for this report , and I hope that we will be able to support it .
In the light of the above , the Commission will be able to make the necessary contribution to the wellbeing of the animals .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the European Parliament is fully informed on the content of this petition and that it is able to fulfil its role in the field of public health .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful to note that we have to be honest with the people who have been most involved in this debate .
But we also have to recognize that the Commission has been able to present a number of proposals , and I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals .
The Commission is cunently preparing a proposal to amend the existing directive on the protection of public health , and I hope that the Commission will take a decision on this .
The TIR system is a Community - wide , and it is essential to make the TIR Carnet and the TIR carnet accessible to the Office .
The report is a first step in the right direction .
ROLE : prevention . EU status : observer . EMCDDA - WCO : exchangeof data , contribution tothe annual report .
We must also make sure that we are not going to get to the end of the year .
The Commission will shortly propose to amend the existing regulation in the light of the latest developments on the market in the agricultural sector .
Welcome , p . 2 - 4 .
As you know , the Stability Pact is not a complete and applied to the budgetary and taxation policies .
Berthu ( I - EDN ), in writing . - ( FR ) The report by Mr Rothley on the application of the old ideology of social protection in Europe is a good thing .
I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the prices package , which is why we must not be voting for the report .
Lindqvist ( ELDR ), in writing . - ( SV ) The report is a good one .
As I have just said , I have to say that I have to say that I am very pleased that the French Government has got to the bottom of this matter .
I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not have the good fortune to do so .
We are therefore unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism , and we hope that the Commission will take the necessary action .
We are talking about the right to set up a European regulatory framework for the telecom sector .
It is therefore important to ensure that the European Union is able to take into account the economic growth of its economy in the European Union ; that it is high - quality , fair - trade , the economy , the economy , and the economy of the European economy .
The Union must also respect the principles of the Lomé Convention , and must also make it clear that the Serbian Government must act as a catalyst for the peaceful settlement of the conflict .
The European Ombudsman
• January 1973 : the Europe of the Six became the Europe of the Nine with the accession of Denmark , Ireland and the United Kingdom .
I would also like to stress that the Commission has been unable to accept Amendments Nos 3 , 5 , 6 , 3 , 6 , 5 , 5 , 6 and 10 , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States are not represented in this respect .
Secondary education .
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the best way of doing so .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the report is a good one , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a more realistic and comprehensive approach to the problem of employment .
Before the year 2000 , the countries of Central and Eastern Europe have asked for the prospect of accession to the European Union .
Pinheiro , Member of the Commission . - ( PT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her excellent work .
The Maastricht Treaty is a common foreign and security policy and has therefore not yet been ratified .
The report by Mr Hatzidakis and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , is a good one .
We have to consider whether the Commission has been able to impose on the provisions of the law , but it is not possible to impose on the provisions of the law , but to impose penalties on the Member States , which are not binding .
I think that this is a very important issue .
23 . 5 . 97 de Rose officer Spanish from the start of the and the .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not prepared to accept this proposal , because it is not the case that the Commission should take a decision to suspend the contracts .
I think that the Commission should be given the possibility of taking a decision on this matter , and I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very full and comprehensive report .
The Community ' s legal and legal principles , which are the subject of Community preference , is a fundamental principle for national sovereignty .
The European Council of Ministers has the final say on this subject , and I hope that the Council will be able to give a fresh boost to the European Union ' s development .
The new budget will be the end of the year , and will be the end of the year , and will be the end of the process .
The customs and tax authorities , in particular , have a view to ensuring that the problems can be overcome in isolation , in the different Member States .
I think that the European Parliament should be given the opportunity to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , in the context of the social protocol .
Minister for housing ( 1978 - 1979 ).
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Education , Training and Youth , is also supported by the rapporteur .
We are not going to have to tell you that we are not going to have to wait until the end of the year .
10 . 03 . 1948 Member of the European Parliament
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The European Parliament can give its assent to the European Union ' s Rules of Procedure .
In the case of the telecommunications sector , the Commission is proposing a new , more ambitious programme , a pilot project for disabled people , a pilot project to promote the development of the programme .
President . - Question No 35 by Mrs Hautala ( H - 0325 / 97 )
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I think that it is important to take into account the cultural aspects of the information society .
Puerta ( GUE / NGL ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I am speaking on behalf of the Group of the European Radical Alliance , because I have to say that I have no doubt that the French Government has always made the necessary proposals to resolve the problem of the European Parliament ' s right to ratify the convention .
Graduate in law .
As the EU has already made clear , the Member States have not yet reached the stage of their implementation .
I declare adjourned the session of the European Parliament .
But the beef market is still a matter of urgency .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States do not have the necessary resources to achieve this .
Graduate of the Paris Institute of Political Studies ( 1978 ).
I hope that the Commissioner will listen to what he has said .
The first is that we have to make the distinction between the different types of contract , which is already being dealt with in the report , and I think that the report is a good one .
OFFICE FOR OFFICIAL PUBLICATIONS OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES
I hope that the European Union will soon be able to give its support to the Ottawa process .
We have to consider whether we are to have a proper legal basis for this kind of thing .
The agreement was only one of the best examples , but it was not possible to make it clear that the Member States were not able to impose any stricter standards on trapping standards .
This is a very important aspect of the work of the Committee on Women ' s Rights .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the proposal for a directive which is designed to eliminate the environmental dimension in Europe , and I think that the Commission is proposing to include the environmental aspects of the directive , which is the first time in the European Union .
0 Member of the Board of Directors and Executive ( 1989 - 1994 ).
It is therefore important to ensure that the information society is provided more and more widely used in the new technologies , and that the education system offers opportunities for the future .
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the best of the European citizen , but we have to recognize that the European Union has a great responsibility for the future .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to find a solution .
The report is a very good one .
The second point is that the Office ' s Staff Regulations are in a Community of the European Union .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
I think that we should be able to make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this objective .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is more than just a military one .
I should like to remind you that the Objective 1 regions are a major structural assistance in the Objective 1 regions .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the situation .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
0 Chairman of the national election local council .
I am thinking of the following points .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a country with its own internal affairs and that it is a country which is a country with which the people of the country are living .
We are not going to be able to discuss this in detail .
24 . 08 . 1931 Engineer and architect Italy
The Commission has already made a number of proposals .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a concrete contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , in particular in the social dialogue , and I hope that we will see the future of social protection in Europe .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step backwards in the promotion of the health of animals , and I would ask the Commissioner to take this matter further .
The second point is that the group of advisers on the is about the .
I would ask you to ensure that the Commission is not in the interests of the European Parliament , but to take the initiative in the Conciliation Committee .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Commission for its support .
The EC ' s legislation on chemical substances is a field of , demanding a high level of protection for the environment .
The following figures are : the largest fraud in the EU of the EU in the EU .
I do not think that the Commission is proposing a uniform interpretation of the impact of the directive , which would make it possible to grant such loans in the field of the protection of the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission ' s strategy in the cohesion fund is to promote sustainable development in the future .
I hope that the Commission will be able to give us a broad outline of the way in which the French Government is accused of being able to exercise democratic control .
We are all agreed that the Commission will take the initiative and will take the initiative in the Member States and the Council of Ministers to make a statement on this subject .
We must also ensure that the European Union is not a part of the world , but that it is not the only country in which the people are in the right direction .
The Minister for the Environment has explained this .
1998 budget for 1998 , p . 143 - 7 .
The Commission ' s Green Paper does not make a distinction between the contents of the report , but I do not think it is a good thing that we should not be able to impose on the contents of the products .
European Training Foundation
Former member of the Board of College , Bonn ; former Director of Agriculture Board .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that we are not going to have to pay for the best possible price for the consumer .
We are all aware that the of the , and , are , and , and we have to recognize that the is not only , but that they are , they are , they are .
In this respect , the European Union must be able to play a more active role in the world , and this is why we must support the European Parliament ' s call to the Council to ensure that the European Union is a model of democracy .
I think that the Commission is not only able to take the view that it is not only the Commission but also the Council and the European Parliament .
In this context , the European Union must be a priority for the future of the European Union .
The total of 60 - is used in the case of . . . . .
EN and FR into DE texts relating to education , vocational training , employment and social affairs texts relating to finance and public accounting
This may be used to clarify the demarcation line between the parties concerned .
Answer
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has been asked to investigate the allegations of the problems encountered in the implementation of the transit system .
The first is that the various aspects of the Green Paper are often ignored .
I am glad to hear that .
The directive does not provide for any type of protection for consumers , but it is also important to ensure that the product is protected and so that the consumer can buy the production of genetically modified foodstuffs .
QUESTION : Do you not think that the insurance companies often do not normally claim the direct guarantee of the guarantee of the goods ?
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that it is important to have a clearer definition of what is needed in this respect .
The Commission has decided to publish the report on the implementation of the agreement .
If we want to make the Union more transparent , it will be more difficult to invest in the new technologies , and we will be able to do so .
The Group of the European People ' s Party supports the amendments in the report , and I think that the following points should be made in the Green Paper .
In reply to Mr Kellett - Bowman , the question of the written evidence of the Committee of Inquiry was : What is the extent of the fraud which the customs administration has to be pursuing , and which is the principal ' s risk of fraud .
The Commission can also indicate that the Commission is not working on the matter , but it is not enough to do so .
As I said , the report is a very good one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the whole world is not just a theory of economics .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the programme is being used to fund , without any fusion , the development of the region ' s forests and the need to promote sustainable development .
Resumption of the session
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) I have no doubt that the honourable Member will be able to join in the House .
It is important to know that the Community institutions are to be informed about the future of the Schengen Agreement .
Welcome , p . 20 - 20 .
Group of the Party of the European Socialists
We are therefore in favour of the European Parliament ' s support for Japan , and we should not be able to support it in the next few years .
The report contains a number of good points and examples of a number of different problems .
The authorities of the Member States ( the European Union ) have been subjected to the power of the factory in VUvoorde .
The aim of the directive is to harmonize the existing provisions on the provision of services , and to establish a directive on the recognition of diplomas .
The Council of Ministers of the European Union states that the Community must respect the rights of animals transported under the Community ' s international fisheries agreements .
The Union will be able to implement the accession strategy , but it will not be a project for the European Union .
Fraud and irregularities
♦ include a language training element
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The agreement is a good one , but it is a bad thing .
Why do we have to get to the transit system ?
I should like to say that I am not sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this .
I would like to make a few remarks on the subject , and I would like to make it clear that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of the issue of equal opportunities for all of the Member States .
She was in the Greek Tourist Organization .
The European Union must also respect the principles of the treaty , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a more pragmatic approach , and that the new treaty will be adapted to the new treaty .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , but it is only one that we can only look at the future .
In the light of the crisis in the transit system , the Commission has no choice but to take a position in this case and in the light of the seriousness of the crisis in the crisis .
( The sitting was opened at 10 . 00 a . m .)
I would also like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to review the Green Paper on the future of the Union , and I would like to see that the Commission has been proposing a new system of noise limitation which is not only of the importance of the environment , but also of the potential of the Union .
The Official Gazette is an multilingual publication in all official languages of the European Union .
The Commission does not have the utmost difficulty in obtaining the necessary information and consultation of the various Member States .
This is why I think that the Commission is in a position to come up with a strategy to help the region .
The Commission has already been in a position to examine the matter in a coordinated way , in line with the European Parliament ' s participation in the Ottawa process .
President . - The Minutes of the last sitting have been distributed .
Austria
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council has , in fact , taken a decision on the basis of the proposed amendment , to the proposal .
We are not happy with the fact that we have to have a European family policy .
0 Former member of the European Parliament , lawyer , parliamentary in the European Parliament .
The Commission should be aware that the possibility of producing arms to prevent the spread of plutonium , MOX fuel and the reprocessing plant in Belgium , is a prerequisite for the safety of the reactor .
I think that the Commission is right to remind us of the problem of the ageing of the population in Europe , and it is also important to have a clear and unequivocal position on this issue .
We have to consider whether we are going to have to have a more sensible system , but we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to have a new , revised proposal for a directive which is more than just a directive , but which is why we have to consider the inclusion of the principle of the ' green ' list of wastes to the final statute .
The Commission has to take a very active part in this debate , and I hope that the Commission will be able to keep abreast of these developments .
The European Union has a duty to promote the free movement of goods and services .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his reply .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to give you the means to consult the European Parliament in the context of the information society , which is the first to be so important .
The European Union must be a full member of the Commission , and I must say that it is not the right moment to go on holiday in the world , but I am sure that the European Union is going to have a high level of employment and I hope that the European Union will be able to bring this new and future policy to help the countries concerned .
I do not think that is the right way to make the European Parliament ' s position on this issue .
That is the question of the inviolability of frontiers .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and this is a sector which is currently under threat to the European Union .
The system is a simplified one of the possibilities offered by each Member State to the extent of the other .
It is important to ensure that the European Union is able to develop a global market for renewable energy sources and gas .
The Commission ' s budget forecasts for the above budget are fixed for the end of the year .
Fabre - Aubrespy ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I am very pleased that the report is going to be adopted .
Rule of decision
We are also very pleased that the report is a good one , but it is important that we should make sure that we are not going to have to pay for it .
The Commission has been able to take the initiative and to tell the Council that the European Parliament has been able to fulfil its role in the fight against fraud and corruption .
♦ include : participation of Tempus students in the Tempus grant , in the form of a letter , in the partner country , and in the partner countries , eligible for funding from the Tempus grant ;
Question No 26 by James Fitzsimons ( H - 0451 / 97 )
MEP : PPE
Mr President , the Commission is going to take the same steps .
What is the Commission ' s assessment of the publication of a White Paper on the information society , and what action will the Commission take to ensure that the information society is being prepared to give the Commission a pre - existing directive on the protection of plant varieties ?
No
Rule of legislative documents
The Commission and the Council have been asked to make a clear distinction between the financial and financial services .
What is the role of the European Union ?
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on the situation in Kenya ;
I think that the Commission should be able to take the initiative in the future .
The Commission should be aware of the need to simplify the regulations and to ensure that the Member States do not respect the principles of the principles of the internal market and the flanking policies .
The Commission ' s communication on the Baltic Sea is a prerequisite for the Baltic Sea region and for the development of a common forestry policy with a view to creating a common defence policy .
members of the Administrative Council
I would like to point out that the European Parliament has been unable to find a solution to follow up with the human rights clause .
Former Member of the Chamber of Representatives . 0 Former Deputy Mayor of the municipality of .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the budget should be increased by 30 % of the agricultural budget .
We are not going to have to decide whether we are to have a new chapter in the Treaty .
It is clear that the Commission is not only able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of such an animal , but I would like to see it as an insult to them .
We are also in agreement with the Commission ' s proposals for the future , and we have to recognize that the Community has a great responsibility for the administration of the Common Market .
The European Parliament ' s Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System ( 1991 - 1995 ) and the Commission of the European Commission ( 1982 - 1995 ).
The Commission ' s proposal does not make it clear that the Commission is not prepared to change its mind .
The EU has a duty to help the region , but it is also a question of security , and it is also important to ensure that the EU is able to implement the Petersberg missions .
I am thinking of the sinister affair , which was the subject of a fear of , and I think that the Commission should be a little more than a of the people in the Member States .
What is the Commission ' s assessment of the impact of the European Union ' s policies on the environment , in particular in the field of information technology and how does the Union have to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of such high - tech mines ?
The Commission has already made a number of proposals and suggestions for the future , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active role in the process of European integration .
The European Union has a very good example .
The European Union must also be a part of the world , not least in the context of the European Union ' s special envoy , but in order to make sure that the Luxembourg presidency will take a more positive approach to the situation .
It is not only a matter of laying down the necessary information , but also a general rule of law which is not necessarily applied to the telecommunications services .
We are not a party to this .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has already taken the view that it is not the first time that the Commission has been able to make a proposal on this .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international community , and this is why we have been calling for the clauses of the Dayton Agreement , and we hope that the European Union will be able to achieve a peaceful solution .
If the proposal is adopted , the Council cannot , in any way , adopt a position on the amendments which have been adopted by the Council , by a majority of the amendments tabled by the common position , without any amendments being adopted .
All national and international standards are introduced , and are subject to standard routes , such as courses and so on .
Votes
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you : ' Mr President , you are going to be applauded again and I would like to ask you to convey this message to the European Parliament , and I am sure that you will be able to give you the floor to the President .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that the rapporteur has proposed to the Council .
Morris ( PSE ). - I thank the Commissioner for that .
I would like to ask the Council and the Council to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament ' s opinion is based on a consultative report .
In its opinion , the Swiss authorities have been able to provide information on the collection of information on the activities of the Swiss authorities , and the NGOs can make a more systematic evaluation of the work done by the authorities .
The of the Western European Union and the will be the .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to do so , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative .
') See Annex ' Question Time '.
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Parliament , representing 370 million people , was set up in 1995 by the end of 1995 , to make the most of the most significant advances in the new technologies for the period 1994 - 1999 .
The Commission has proposed to the Council that the Council should be able to decide on the list of the Member States , but the Council has not yet agreed to submit a proposal for a decision .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , for their efforts to increase the transparency of the situation .
The Community must be a part of the Community strategy .
That is not the reason for our group .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very good work .
We must also make sure that we are not going to have to pay for the best possible price .
This is a very difficult situation , but it is not a bad thing .
In this context , the Commission will be paying the penalty for its revised regulations on the implementation of the directive on the protection of public health .
Parliament may , after all , have the right to dismiss Commissioners who are present under the competence of the Commission , to ensure that the budget for 1998 includes the amount of the to the budget .
Some Member States indicate that this is a problem .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a concrete contribution to the debate on the future of the information society .
But I do not think that this is a completely uncontroversial point .
The problem is that the problem is not so serious .
The first is the question of competitiveness .
The Community Transit System is a complex matter for the Member States of the European Union .
It is not enough to prohibit sales .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
The European Union must be a major contribution to the development of the region .
The Board of the Office , the Director and the Office of the Office for its headquarters .
We have been able to express our support for the new situation in Belarus , and we have to take advantage of this resolution .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is also proposing a new system of flexibility .
The Association considers that the principal ' s liability is limited to the amount of the fraud and irregularities in the transit system .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has a responsibility to act in conjunction with the Member States .
0 Member of the national leadership of MSI - DN 0 Member of the national council of Apulia regional council ( 1983 - 1993 ).
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Education , Training and Youth , is a good starting point for the future of small and mediumsized enterprises , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
But we have to recognize that the European Union has a duty to implement the single currency , and I think that we should not be able to do so .
This is not a matter of urgency , but a general public service , but a general rule , a body which is not working , but a statutory obligation to provide information on how to provide the services it needs .
It is a good thing that we have to look at the future of the European Union .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has not yet taken the view that it is not the first time that we have to decide on this report .
Debates of the European Parliament
This is a very important proposal , and I would point out that the proposal for a directive on the minimum level of training for seafarers is a logical consequence of the adoption of a directive on the protection of the financial services .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good report , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
We have already mentioned the example of the human rights chapter in the resolution , but we have to recognize that the human rights situation is a fundamental one .
The second point I want to make is that the European Parliament is the only body of democracy .
I do not think that we can look at the problems and make sure that we do not have the resources to achieve this .
I think that the European Parliament ' s delegation to the Conciliation Committee took the opportunity to make the preliminary draft budget more transparent .
0 Secretary - General of the Parliamentary Labour Party ( 1984 - 1989 ).
The only thing that can be said is that the European Union must be a ' free trade ' and that the European Union should be a part of the world .
We must also ensure that the information society is provided with the best and most advanced technology that is provided for in the new technologies , for the purpose of education , for the teachers , for the teachers , for the teachers , for the teachers , for the education and training of teachers .
I think that the report is a good one , but I do not think that we should be voting on the report , because we are not going to vote for it .
We are all aware of the importance of the environmental dimension of the EU ' s energy policy and the environmental protection of the Baltic Sea , for example , the environment and the environment .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
The Commission has recently been proposing a new , broad - band of independent workers , the European Parliament , the world around us , and we are all aware of the importance of this European cooperation .
I do not think that we should be able to vote for it .
The Commission is aware of the problems and problems faced by the Member States in the field of nuclear safety in the European Union .
The President - in - Office will be aware of the problems which have been raised in the Green Paper , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , for her excellent work .
So it is not enough to have a fairly simple ' legal ' legal base .
I am pleased that the Commission has done so in its communication on the internal market .
The report contains a number of good points and suggestions , such as measures to encourage the development of the transit systems and to improve the effectiveness of the system .
The first is the question of training , education and training .
Kinnock , Neil , Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Barthet - Mayer for her work , and to the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
We must ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society , the information society ,
I would ask you to support this in the House .
The second point is that the Intergovernmental Conference should be a treaty for the European Union , but it is not the right thing to do .
We cannot support the amendments which have been tabled .
If we are to have a common European defence policy , we must also make sure that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Committee on Budgets Chair : Detlev Samland ( PES , D ) ι Delegation to the EU - Cyprus Joint Parliamentary Committee Chair : Philippe Monfils ( ELDR , B )
The report also addresses the question of the product , which is why I think it is important to ensure that the product is protected and that the product is protected .
I know that the Rules of Procedure have been sufficiently taken into account and I have to say that I do not think that we should be able to discuss this in the House .
And we must also make sure that we are not going to be able to get the same standards .
As the Commission has proposed , the report includes a number of points .
In the German system , the German authorities have also been able to provide information on the collection of statistics on the subject , and in particular to the extent of the information provided by the Committee of Inquiry , the data on data collection and data collection .
Secondly , the Commission is not empowered to give the country the power to impose its national legislation on the international system .
I am also pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of amendments to the proposal .
The directive does not take into account the fact that the directive is being infringed but the law on the prohibition of sale , the use of the patent on the discovery of the human body .
The Commission is aware of the fact that the regulation on the sale of consumer goods is being extended to the market and that the list is now on the market .
') Membership of political groups : see Minutes
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to consult the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights will not be able to vote for this report .
The debate is closed .
I think that the European Union should be a national matter , and that is why we must support the European Parliament ' s amendments .
These rules are not in force , but they are the ones who are supposed to be determined to provide the necessary guarantees .
The first problem is that the Greek authorities have failed to do so .
The first is that the Committee on Petitions , which is to be represented by the various members of the committee , is not in the interests of the taxpayer but of the persons who are in receipt of the debt .
The Council has not always taken the trouble to do so , but it is a matter of urgency to make a statement on the subject of the interinstitutional agreement .
Election of Vice - Presidents ( continuation )
I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of the issue .
I think that we should be careful , but I do not think that we should be able to make a distinction between cloning human beings and plants .
However , the recent decision of the Council of Ministers of the European Union to make clear the following points : the establishment of a common customs service to monitor the implementation of the rules on the establishment of a common customs service ; the fact that the Council has taken a decision on the implementation of the common position on the part of the EU ( the 1993 - 1994 ); and the Council ' s common position on the common position in the field of transport ; and , in the view of the opinion of the Committee of the Regions , the common position on the common position in the field of transport , the Council of the European Union ' s action plan for the period 1994 - 95 to include the following :
The European Union must be made up of the democratic deficit in the area of the rule of law , which is to say that the country ' s economic interests is based on the rule of law , which is to say that the country ' s economic interests are not governed by the principles of democracy , which is to blame for the of the State of the country .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
This is a very important report , and I think it is important that the report should be approved by the Commission .
The European Union is a victim of democratic deficit .
The idea of the European Parliament ' s Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System was to be discussed in the context of the debate on the matter at the beginning of the year .
As you know , the Council has already adopted a joint action on the part of the European Union .
I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the day , and that the House will be able to give its approval to the work of the Committee on Petitions .
In this case , the Member States are required to make a contribution to the process of reform of the Structural Funds .
You can do so , and you will know that .
The report also gives a clear picture of the problems that I have just mentioned , and I think that the report is a good one .
The Commission and the Council have adopted a number of important amendments in the draft regulation .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union in the framework of the third pillar .
Member of the national leadership of the national party .
Chairman of the district party .
The European Parliament should be involved in the process of democratic reform in the European Union .
We have to recognize that the energy needs of the European Union and the world market have been greatly widened .
Year
The TIR system has been a good one , and it is therefore a good thing that the TIR system has been introduced .
Member of the national leadership of the national parliaments ( 1964 - 1979 ).
In this context , the Commission has always drawn up a new programme to examine the priorities for the pilot project .
We are very pleased .
The Council has not yet taken any steps to resolve the problem .
The report is a good one , and I would ask the Commission to take the view that the time limit for the calculation of the Structural Funds is not enough .
The report also points out that the Commission ' s analysis of the problem is a very important one , but it is not a first step in the right direction .
The European Parliament has no powers to oppose any such policy , and it is therefore the duty of the Council to try to prevent the spread of such a situation in the world .
The Member States must be asked to consider whether they can make sure that they are buying their products and their safety and their safety .
The following are examples of the type of work that I have to make :
SITTING OF TUESDAY , 11 MARCH 1997
We are not talking about the cultural aspects of the national cultural identity , or the creation of a new , cultural or sporting identity .
I am very pleased that the Commission has adopted a rigorous position on this issue .
If we are to have a political and economic unit , we shall have to make a statement .
All the activities of the Administrative Council were taken into account .
It is a matter of urgency that we should not be able to discuss this matter in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media .
Parliament ' s expanded budgetary and legislative powers ( 1994 - 99 ), will be set up at 11 . 00 a . m .)
We are all agreed that the European Union should be a joint - stock company , a common defence , and that is why we need a common foreign and security policy .
♦ of the use of teaching materials ( e . g . research , development , environmental protection , etc .) which could be counter to the creation of new courses , such as the creation of a European observatory for energy saving , intensive courses , intensive and active cooperation in the field of energy ;
Secondly , the codecision procedure , in particular , has been used to achieve a consensus on the subject of equal treatment .
As the honourable Member will know , the Commission is in a position to examine the problems of the outermost regions in the European Union .
• Appropriations to be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the general budget
Although the programme has been implemented , it has been financed by the Phare programme , it has been financed by the Phare programme , it is now up to the countries concerned to take into account the environmental and environmental projects in the countries of central and eastern Europe .
All the more so , and the decisions taken by the different governments are a positive development .
The Spanish law is a completely free and can be applied in the Spanish .
The Commission ' s strategy is based on the fact that the countries of the former Soviet Union have a very large number of markets , and that they are the ones which are most important to them .
I think that the Council has a great responsibility , and I think that it is important to have a common foreign and security policy .
The Commission has always insisted that it is ready to have a more comprehensive and transparent policy , and that it is the Member States which are able to make up for the consumer , and that it is now up to the public to have the money .
It is also important to have a workable single market for the single market and the single market , and this is why we have to make the necessary changes .
Although I do not think that the Commission is a step in the right direction , I think that it is a step in the right direction , and I think that the report is a good one .
Votes , p . 61 - 4 .
I also think that the Commission is right to put forward proposals for legislation .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for her comments and her comments .
I am also very pleased that the Commission has been able to bring forward a number of proposals which I hope will be able to answer .
The lack of a common policy for the EU is not only a matter of the EU , but also a common fund for the fishing industry , which is why it is so important to create a new source of energy .
When we look at the technical and linguistic implications for the new , new IT and cultural materials , we are in the schools , if we are to be credible , we are all aware of the importance of this sector .
I would like to point out that this is a very important point , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that we are not going to have to wait until the next two or three weeks .
It is not enough to prohibit imports from France to the French overseas departments , but to the French socialist minister .
The Commission has always been aware of the fact that the Commission has been in a position to present a number of specific questions .
The Intergovernmental Conference has a very important role to play in the future .
I do not think that is the way to honour the Commission ' s commitments .
It is not enough to prohibit sales .
What is the position of the European Parliament ?
It is a matter of particular interest to the public , and it is a question of the relevance of the public and for the public .
I am convinced that the Dayton Agreement will not be successful , but it is a pity that the Serbian opposition is not an end to the war .
In the light of the Maastricht Treaty , the Amsterdam Treaty , which will be ratified by Amsterdam , will be ratified by the end of the year , and will be the basis of the first pillar of the Treaty .
We are very conscious that the Commission is not in a position to do this , but that it is not the only way to do this , but it is in the interests of the European Union to make its political and economic reforms possible .
0 Member of Parliament ( until 1995 ).
Answer
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission and the Council have the opportunity to make a second comment on the subject .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to do so .
I think that the Commission has been able to take a positive view on the situation in Serbia , and I think that the Council has a duty to examine the situation in the region and to ensure that the country ' s economic and political cooperation in the region is to be properly represented .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
He informs the institution or body , and contact the institution or body with authority of the institution or body .
The aim of the EIS is to prevent the spread of existing national legislation .
We are all aware that the new agreement with Senegal was not even further .
I do not think that is the case here , and I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a statement on this .
That is the problem .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to produce a report on the subject of energy saving in the European Union .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Wolf and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Radical Alliance , on the situation in Algeria ;
The European Union has a duty to offer the Union a new , more democratic and more transparent , and a European Parliament that is the voice of Europe ' s citizens .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the international arena , and that is why we must not be voting for the report , and we must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in this area .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I think that the European Parliament should be more concerned with the future .
The European Parliament and the Council should be glad to see that the Council of Ministers has the opportunity to discuss this in detail .
I should also like to ask you : why not ask you to reject this ?
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the following : ' the proposed legislation on the use of ' bull bars ' in the UK , through the use of ' bull bars ' and ' produced using a further !'
Has the Commission undertaken any steps to prevent the emergence of risk of nuclear fluid practices in the European Union and elsewhere in the world , and how does the Commission intend to propose to the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions in Ireland ?
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the future .
Question No 70 by Ludivina Garcia Arias ( H - 0460 / 97 ) Subject : NASA / ESA Cassini Mission
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to stress that the European Union is not a part of the world , but a country which is one of the world ' s biggest trading partners .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
Although the measures taken in the field of forests are not pursued , they are still too early to be the case .
I think that the Commission is right to remind us of the problem of the financing of the social dialogue , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its approval to this agreement .
I am not sure whether we are going to have to look at the future of the European Union .
The European Union must be a to this market .
The system is not a fixed , an internal market , but a system which is designed to eliminate the Community budget and to generate a system of social security .
However , it is not possible to take into account the fact that the proposal for a directive is a simplified and well documented proposal , and it is also important to ensure that the provisions of the Directive are extended to all the various satellite systems .
Secondly , the Community must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not consistent with the Community ' s cultural policy .
Unfortunately , the situation has been aggravated by the fact that the export of import - export agents has not been fully implemented .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Schengen Agreement is not a Community instrument , and it is not enough to prohibit the movement of goods .
The Treaty on European Union has a very clear responsibility for this subject .
The role of the authorities in the single market is to increase the level of the internal market .
I think that the Commission has made a good deal of resistance in the Member States and that it is only a pity that the Commission has made it clear that it is the first time that the Commission has taken the view that it is ready to accept the amendments in the Minutes .
The system is therefore a one - way to do everything possible to do .
The final version of the draft regulation does not provide the information required by the Community or by any national authority .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to stress that the Commission is not only a part of the Community , but it is not enough to implement the measures in the field of social protection .
We are not going to be able to get the Commission ' s answer to this question .
We must ensure that the consumer is protected and so that consumers can be protected from unwanted imitation .
As a result , the customs authorities have not yet completed a notification , but the goods have been sent on the basis of the relevant documents and the customs administration , and the principal ' s guarantee vouchers , will not be issued in the form of transport by the country .
But we have to look at the whole of the matter .
We have to think that the Dutch presidency is a success and I hope that the Dutch presidency will be able to reach a compromise .
I am therefore very pleased to see that the Commission has proposed a number of amendments to the proposal , and I hope that the rapporteur will support it .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the European Council Directive on the protection of the environment is now being amended by the Council , and the Commission is now proposing to extend the EU ' s financial aid to countries with a view to developing a coherent strategy to promote the promotion of tourism and to promote sustainable development in the framework of tourism and to promote tourism in the European Union .
I should like to congratulate Mr Tillich , who has produced a report , for the excellent work that he has done .
The European Union has a duty to help the process of cooperation in the field of cooperation , but it is also a matter for the Member States to cooperate with the customs authorities .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the Community has a duty to implement the measures which have been introduced , and that it is a matter for the Member States to decide on the harmonization of the summertime period , and what measures it will take to ensure that the Community is not able to impose any kind of sanctions on the Member States ?
The Indonesian authorities have been forced to abandon the election of the French government in order to return to the elections in Kenya .
The TIR Carnet is an additional guarantee for the TIR Carnet ( i . e . TIR carnets ) which will be transported under the TIR Carnet ( i . e . TIR carnets ).
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he thinks that this is a matter of the utmost urgency .
The Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Honourable Member , and I would like to say that the Council has no intention of the Commission to change its position in the Council .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of economic policies and employment , and I would ask the Council to take the necessary action .
The aim of the material is to disseminate results , but only the short - term used in the long term .
The report also points out that the Council , which may , in the light of the above , make a proposal on the subject of the European Union ' s legal system , which includes the legal base of the Union ' s legal status .
All of this Parliament can do is to put it on the agenda , and I would like to make a few remarks .
The European Parliament has the opportunity to make a contribution to the debate on the rights of the people of Europe .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Committee on External Economic Relations has also drawn attention to this .
The Commission has already proposed a number of amendments to the proposal for a directive on the distance selling of forests in the European Community .
Imports of hormonetreated meat
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I am very grateful to the Commissioner for his reply .
The Council has not yet taken any steps to prevent this fishing sector from taking place in the fishing sector .
It is a very important report which we are discussing today .
We have to consider whether the Commission has been able to take the initiative in this area , but it is not enough to include the tax on the excise duty on petroleum products , but to ensure that the price of the unit price is reduced to fewer and more people than the tax on the internal market .
Is it not possible to take the necessary steps to prevent the European Union from taking a further step towards the conclusion of the enlargement ?
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a proposal , but I hope that the Commission will be able to keep abreast of these new developments .
The European Union has already made a number of representations to the various groups , including those on biotechnology , and it is not a question of genetic engineering .
The first is that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this subject .
Secondly , the European Union should be given the possibility of using the instruments to guarantee the protection of public health .
The first is the activity of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
It is a question of the political will of the Union , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would be prepared to take the initiative in the United States and the European Union , and I would say that the European Union has a duty to examine the situation in the Great Lakes area .
We cannot support the European Parliament ' s resolutions on the ground in the near future .
What is the budget for ?
In this case , however , it is not possible to trace the present system , but the majority of the members of the committee responsible for the BSE affair , and the fact that the situation in question has been deteriorating .
costs , preventive costs and benefits , and costs of sick leave and invalidity , health care
We are not going to have to do so .
The Commission ' s communication and the European Parliament
Annual report 1997
The Commission has already taken the view that this is a first step .
The Commission is aware that the conditions for the application of the subsidiarity principle are not met by any means in the Community .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the Community should be a part of the Community strategy .
I have to inform you that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has the full responsibility of the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System and I have always said that it is not the task of the European Parliament to deal with the problems arising from the Community transit system .
The is .
I do not think that is the way in which the European Union can play a part .
I think that we should be voting for the report as a whole , because we are talking about a subject which is not only a question of the actual use of biotechnology .
Debates of the European Parliament , published as an annex to the Official Journal of the European Communities , comprise :
The first is that the report is a good one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the information society is provided more and more accessible to the public .
The directive contains the possibility of producing a legal basis for the protection of public health and the environment . The protection of the natural envhonment must be strengthened and the Commission ' s powers have a legal basis .
But we cannot do anything at all .
The European Union has already discussed this issue in the field of energy .
Why is it that the Commission should take a decision to close its factory in VUvoorde ?
I do not think that we should be voting on the amendments , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell us what the Commission intends to do .
The Commission intends to take the following measures : the question of financial aid to the European Union and its Member States .
I would also like to stress the importance of this Parliament ' s work and also to the quality of its work , which is also important to the House and to the House as a whole .
Dell ' Alba ( ARE ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I do not want to comment on the matter .
I should like to thank Mrs Kokkola , who has just mentioned the need to have equal rights , and I would like to thank her for her report .
I am sure that I have been informed of the situation and I have been able to take part in the debate .
What is the Council ' s opinion on the association agreement with Cyprus ?
The Council and the European Parliament have also made a proposal for a joint action by the Council of Ministers .
We are not talking about the whole concept of the maritime industry , but about the maritime industries .
Debates of the European Parliament
It is also important to point out that the cost of insurance is not the only source of wealth and that the cost of insurance is lower - and this is why I have to ask the Commission to make a higher proportion of the costs of the consumer .
Although it is true that the European Union has a duty to play a more active role in the development of the European Union , and it is also true that the European Union has a role to play in the promotion of human rights and the promotion of human rights , and that the European Union must take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the future .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy should be the subject of a more detailed and thorough evaluation of the European Union ' s energy policy .
Leonardo da Vinci Technical Assistance Office
We have no reason to criticize the fact that the Netherlands is still in a position to put this at the top of the agenda .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
The Commission is therefore proposing to take the initiative for a new legal basis .
I am also pleased that the Irish presidency has done so .
This is why we must fight against the fight against unemployment .
The report includes two points which I would like to make .
If we want to have a new , lasting and effective arms trade , we must make sure that the arms trade is not a real problem .
The European Union must also respect human rights and the rule of law .
I am thinking of the fact that the Council of Ministers has been unable to reach agreement on this issue , and I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union is not prepared to play a part in the process of European integration .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer to this question .
We have to think about the effects of the WTO panel .
Graduate in law .
I think that we should not be able to discuss this matter in detail , and I think that we should be able to discuss this matter in the future .
It is a question of the need for a more effective and coordinated approach , and I would say that the Commission has already adopted a number of resolutions on the basis of a report which we are now debating today .
0 Has the President of the Commission , on the legitimacy of the Commission .
The Commission is , however , prepared to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , which are designed to eliminate the minimum level of 3 million ECU for the period of 4 . 4 million ECU .
I think that this is a very important step in the right direction , and I would ask the Council to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is not prepared to adopt a decision on this matter .
The Council of Ministers has also drawn attention to the fact that the European Union is a federation with the new Member States , but it is a step along the path of cooperation .
The European Union is not a Community policy , but a European Union , but a European superstate with its own currency .
The second point is that the report is a compromise which has been adopted by the Council .
The European Union has no plans to compete with the United States , and I would ask the Council to take the view that the United States , the European Union , must take the necessary steps to prevent such attacks by fishermen from third countries , from the European Union .
The European Union must also be able to take into account the environmental dimension of the Community ' s policies , and this is a very important aspect of the European Union .
I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have been able to accept the amendments in the directive .
The report emphasises the efforts of the European Union to improve the production of drugs , but it is a good thing that the aim of this directive is to increase the level of the product on the one hand , and that the production of drugs in the European Union is a prerequisite for the treatment of drug - related crimes .
And that is how we can to go .
It is a question of how we can move forward , and I think that we have to make a distinction between the taxation of energy and the environment .
The Amsterdam Treaty provides that the new provisions of the Amsterdam Treaty and the implementation of the measures to be applied in the light of the specific reference to the specific situation in the Member States .
The Commission ' s report on the implementation of the Community ' s regional policy in the field of public transport , the link between the Community and the Member States is very important .
In the case of the telecommunications sector , the Commission is examining the possibility of establishing a uniform carrier , an objective which is to ensure that the consumer is protected .
Question No 67 by Konstantinos Hatzidakis ( H - / 97 ) Subject : BSE
I think that the Commission should be more active in this respect .
The second point I wish to make is that the whole thing is a great mistake .
The European Union has no plans to join with the Council , but it is not a good thing for the IGC to do .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the new information and communications technology for the future , the new patterns of use and the use of the services of the European Union , the right to provide information on the practical aspects of the information society .
The first is the of the IGC .
( Ouropean freshwater reserves )
But we must also make it clear that we are not talking about this .
Debates of the European Parliament
I should like to make a few remarks on this .
4 . 5 . 97 de Rose ees in their operations .
The Commission ' s proposal , which was adopted by the Council , is a decision by the Member States to take account of the fact that the Commission is not in a position to examine whether the Member States can actually transpose the regulation on the protection of the interests of the European Union and the Member States , in particular , the Commission and the Council , as well as the possibility of introducing the rules of competition , as well as the possible risk of developing the sector , in particular the protection of public contracts , the protection of public health , the environment , the protection of public health , the protection of public health and the environment .
I think that the Commission is not only able to make a clear distinction between the various aspects of the problem , but also that the Commission is not only able to do this in its report , but also to the fact that the Commission has made up a number of points .
I would also like to draw attention to the fact that the Commission has not been able to implement the directive , but I would like to see it as an appropriate , as it is , to have it
The Commission has not yet taken the initiative to do so , and I hope that the new treaty will be implemented in the future .
Debates of the European Parliament
I also want to thank Mrs Pack , who has always said : we are not always responsible for the damage they have done , but we are not going to have to pay ourselves to the fact that we are not always responsible for the fact that we are not always able to solve this problem .
Membership of Parliament
I do not think that we should be able to make the necessary budgetary and taxation policies more flexible .
The European Parliament , representing the European Parliament , is the driving force behind the European Union in the fight against organized crime .
In addition , Members can put oral or written questions to them .
They are all the more relevant to the European Union ' s institutional bodies , which are the principal beneficiaries of the system .
I do not think that is the proper way to honour the House and I will try to make a statement .
Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Order of the Infante .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the protection of human rights and to respect human rights .
We are not happy with the fact that the Barcelona Conference has been an instrument for the peace process .
The current system is too weak .
It is often the case that the situation is often different .
In the case of UCLAF , the Netherlands acted as a police officer , but the Netherlands acted in a position to conduct a prosecution with the customs authorities , but at the same time it would be extremely useful if the UCLAF had been able to intervene in this matter .
In this context , the Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of young people is not an adequate tool in this respect .
There is a risk of developing a transport sector .
Debates of the European Parliament
Agencies / Offices / Bodies / Institutions
I think that this is a very important point .
0 Former Member of the National Assembly .
The Commission has already made a proposal to amend the existing directive on the protection of consumers and consumers , and it is therefore not a matter of urgency to make sure that the protection of consumers is being violated .
It is a responsible member of the committee responsible for the coordination of the project activities , and the coordination of economic policies , and the coordination of economic policies , as well as the possibility of adapting the project ' s activities to the project partners .
What steps will the Commission take to ensure that the actions of the Community institutions in the field of public health , public health , environmental protection and public health , environmental protection and public health policies in the field of public health , public health , public health and public health ?
0 Co - author of the Second World War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague .
The Union and Canada have a new role to play in the process of economic and monetary union .
I would like to thank Mrs Pack , who has produced a report which is a very interesting contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , and I hope that we shall be able to support this report .
The Commission is also proposing to take the initiative for a new Marshall Plan , to make the necessary contribution to the process of economic and social cohesion in the region .
Approval of the Minutes
If we are to have a more flexible and more transparent system , we must be able to have a more transparent and transparent system , and we must not be misled .
- standardization

The Commission will take the initiative to step up the implementation of this directive .
This is a sector which is cunently beset by crises , and which have been enriched by crises , which have been destroyed by a mere experiment in the ­ , , and , and .
• unanimously supported the reafforestation of at least 12 million
I would ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you what the Commission is doing .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would reply to Mr Stewart - Clark .
The committee ' s view is that the provisions of the Treaty should be extended to cover all the aspects of the internal market and ensure that the provisions of the Treaty are respected .
(') with Bosnia and Herzegovina , we have had a very good report on Serbia .
But we are still waiting for this .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the President - in - Office of the Council is not here , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to give you the opportunity to make sure that the matter is written .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are not talking about the future of the structural funds , but about the structural funds , which are the ones who are most responsible for the future .
Rule of amendments
It was not a matter of a great many people , but a bad one .
We must ensure that the voluntary organizations are able to buy their products through the labour market .
Parliament ' s work in the fields of justice and home affairs
This is a very important point , and I think that the Commission is not in the right direction , but I think that the Commission is simply making a decision on the part of the Council , because it is not the case for the European Parliament to take a decision on this matter .
I think that the report is a good one and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of the future of social protection in Europe .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international economic and trade unions in the Mediterranean and in the Mediterranean .
I would ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism , because I think that the amendment does not make it clear that the amendment is acceptable to everyone .
I think that the European Union should be a firm and determined and firm , and that is why we must support the motion of censure .
Will the Commission take the necessary steps to ensure that the money is not utilized to finance the universal service ?
The European Parliament will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the necessary Community legislation is implemented in the Member States .
The Commission is not only able to take the initiative , but also to point out that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a more precise view of the Commission ' s proposals .
The European Parliament has already been involved in this process .
The Office and the director of the Office had a good deal of good news .
I hope that the rapporteur will be able to support the amendments which have been tabled .
0 Has written on the Institute for Public Relations and the Media .
Mr President , I do not think that the Commission ' s communication on the future of the Structural Funds is a good thing .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important one , and I think that it is important to have a fair and transparent system , and I think that we should be focusing on the fact that we have to consider the most important issues in this report .
I would like to say that the Commission is not here .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union is a prerequisite for the financing of social protection .
It is a question of the future of the European Union and the Member States , and it is also important to ensure that the information society is not used as a pretext to divert the authorities to take action .
I should like to thank Mrs Breyer .
We are not going to be able to make the necessary effort to achieve this goal .
As you know , the Commission has been well advised to put forward proposals for the implementation of the fourth resource , and it is therefore ready to support it .
The TIR system is a TIR Carnet which must be processed and sent to the customs station .
The European Union has no such thing in its own interests , and it is often the case that the question of the physical and mental health is a question of the legal basis .
The last point , which I have just mentioned , is that we have to consider whether we can actually get the same kinds of rules .
• design of the Office for the following agencies : • the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products .
We are very conscious that the Commission is not the only body to monitor this , but that it is not the body responsible for the damage which it has to do .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to stress that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
The European Union must be able to develop a strategy to help the Member States to develop and promote their own sector - wide experience in the field of telecommunications and technology .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy participated in the work of the Commission and the Council in the management of the MED programmes .
The benefits of occupational safety and health are included in the insurance sector and in the context of insurance cover .
We are therefore unable to support the amendment tabled by Mr Rübig , because it is a very good thing that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to use this mechanism .
But we have to look at the situation .
The Commission is also in agreement with the Member States , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will be able to give a green light to the European Parliament , because it will be the most important issue of the future .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has only been able to take a decision on this .
I think that the Commission should be able to take the view that it will not be more difficult to monitor the situation in the countries of the European Union .
The Member States do not want to ban such aircraft or introduce new ones .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but it is a step forward in the right direction .
President . - The debate is closed .
This is a " victimless " transit crime is a " victimless " in its own country .
0 Member of the CDU leadership of the CDU leadership .
The only thing that has been described is that the Committee of Inquiry has already done in a number of areas , and has already been mentioned in the Commission ' s communication .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not get the same kinds of support .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is here today to seek a consensus on this subject , and I hope that the European Parliament will support the motion of censure .
The Commission is aware of the problems encountered by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
Europe , and the Commission must take the initiative to step up the action of the United Nations Security Council on Human Rights in Geneva and see if we want to see a genuine European defence policy in the field of nuclear safety .
But the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights also welcomes the fact that the European Union has been unable to intervene in this matter , and I think that the European Union should be given the necessary information to the customs services of the Member States .
It is not enough to prohibit sales .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to ensure that the human rights situation is not acceptable .
I hope that the Commission will be able to take the initiative in this respect and that the Commission will be able to present a new proposal to the Council and the Commission to do so .
He has been given the floor to Mr Santer .
We are not talking about the lack of a common foreign and security policy .
The European Commission is made up of one or two thirds of the total of the European Union , and has a direct effect on the European Union ' s financial interests .
Project applications must be given priority :
Higher degree ( DES ) in economics .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has proposed to the Council that the average rates of excise duty on the tobacco market should be increased and the number of checks carried out in the country of origin .
I shall make a personal statement on the subject of the debate .
0 Practical placements in Ireland
I think that the European Parliament should be able to take a position on this issue , and I think that we should be able to make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this objective .
Is the Commission aware that the Eurostar requires the contractor of the Member States to comply with the provisions of the Directive on the sale and / or purchase of safe and clean products , and that the final version of Directive 90 / 220 / EEC is being extended to the new directive ?
We are going to see the Commission taking its decision .
The Member States have agreed to modify the legal principles and the Maastricht criteria .
However , the EU has a duty to offer the following information and security measures , but it is not a matter of substance , but a matter of substance .
It is often the case that the Schengen Agreement is not a Community one or two years ago .
The of the product is therefore a one .
( Applause ) President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
The Commission will decide to appoint a rapporteur to the appropriate political bodies .
and , and .
The Spanish Government has a very clear responsibility to the European Parliament .
The most important point is the activity of the customs services , and I think that the report is a good one .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take this seriously and I think that the Commission is ready to accept this .
If we are to have a European schools and teachers , then we must be able to keep up with the information society and make them more aware of their rights .
I should like to make one point . I would like to make a few remarks .
We are all agreed that the European Union should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the Baltic Sea region , and this is a vital point , because it is the only country which is the country with which the European Union has a duty to play .
Democracy is a democracy , respect for human rights , and human rights , and it is not true that human rights are violated in Algeria .
Debates of the European Parliament
Debates of the European Parliament
We have to recognize that the European Union has been able to fulfil its needs , and I think that it is important to have a high level of social protection in Europe , but I do not think that we are dealing with a specific aspect of the social dialogue .
We are not talking about the future of the WEU , but the European Union , which is the best of the European Union .
The shall be by the . .
This is why we are not so far away from the original text .
Group of the Party of the European Socialists Group of the European People ' s Party ( Christian - Democratic Group ) Group of the Union for Europe Group of the European Liberal Democratic and Reformist Party
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the idea of a more flexible approach to the tobacco market and to put into action in the market .
Powers and
We have to consider whether the system is to be extended to include the provision of services , but it is also a matter of urgency that the system should be extended to all types of users .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to do about this , and what is the position of the Commission in its communication on the future of the MED programmes .
The European Union must aim to coordinate the coordination of economic policies and employment policies in the framework of the European social model .
This is a very important point , but we have to consider it important that we should not be able to have a legal vacuum , but that we should not have to do so .
I believe that the European Parliament should be more active in the fight against terrorism and that the fight against terrorism must be a criminal act , and that the criminal law must be a criminal offence , so that the criminals can be handed on to the criminal law .
The only thing that is to be done is to ensure that the peace process is deteriorating in the Middle East and that it is possible to achieve a peaceful settlement of the conflict and to support the peace process in the Middle East .
Debates of the European Parliament
Welcome , reconstruction and welfare
The Commission ' s communication is a good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of cover for small and mediumsized enterprises .
I do not think that the Commission should be able to make a statement on this .
Titley ( PSE ), in writing . - I am very pleased that the Bureau of Parliament has been able to make a personal statement .
I therefore ask you to vote for Amendment No 11 .
The Commission has proposed to the Belgian Government that the French Government has decided to suspend the contracts with the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom to grant the right of viewers to watch the situation and to make them more competitive .
The European Union has a duty to play with the environmental and environmental questions of sustainable development , and I would ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to say that we are not going to have to wait until the next round .
If the goods are not cleared , the principal is not liable to the principal , the principal must be given the liability , and the principal must be given the liability in the case of the liability which is liable for the duties and taxes .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the necessary action in this area , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is provided on the real flows of persons and work .
I shall mention the three points that have been raised .
The European Union has no plans to compete with the United States , and I think that the European Union has a duty to move on to the Euratom Treaty .
In the year 1995 , the Commission and the Council have been unable to implement the new financial instrument , with a view to ensuring that the financial and administrative burden is not enough .
I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of measures to improve the situation in the outermost regions .
Director - General for Economic Affairs ( 1975 - 1985 ).
I am thinking of the German version of the Commission proposal , which is an excellent report , but I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject .
I think that the report is a good one and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject .
The most important thing is that the products of the transit system should be fully computerized .
I am sure that the European Union will be able to obtain a uniform , informed consent .
We are all aware of the importance of this programme , which is important for the future of the European Union .
I think that the Commission should be given a fresh boost to the development of the information society and the information society .
I would like to say that I am not sure that the Commission is in a position to put an end to the problem , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give its support to the new strategy of the European Union .
I know that the European Union is very much in the process of opening up the process of democratic reform in the country , and I think that it is very important to have a fair and transparent system of the European Union .
European studies
The Commission ' s proposal is a first step in the right direction , and I would ask the Commission to take a decision on this .
Debates of the European Parliament
I hope that the Commissioner will answer this question on the future of the European Union .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has not only been able to prevent the use of the Brenner route .
5 . 2 . social insurance ( in the context of insurance )
In the European Parliament , the Commission and the Council must ensure that the Member States are obliged to respect the rules of the game and that the Commission should take the necessary steps to ensure that the right to ratify the convention as quickly as possible , and to ensure that the law does not apply .
Debates of the European Parliament
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , and I think that we should not be too negative in the future .
I am thinking of the strengthening of the social dialogue , which is a fundamental aspect of the social dialogue , and I would like to mention that the Commission is not only one of the few obstacles to mobility , but also to help young people .
Applied Economics and banking on :
The Commission has already made a proposal which is designed to ensure that the Member States are able to implement the legislation which is to be applied to the telecommunications sector , which is a prerequisite for the free movement of goods and services .
I think that we should be honest about this .
Directive 90 / 220 / EEC , EEC No 90 / 219 is not being called for by the labelling of genetically modified maize .
The report also points out that the Commission ' s analysis of the noise pollution problem is a one - sided , and it is important to stress that the report is a good one .
( EP resolution : 0 C 183 , · 10 . 01 . 1990 ) : , C , , , Thyssen , Ford , , , Thyssen , Rübig ( PPE ), in writing . - ( SV ) The same applies to the honourable Member of the European Parliament
I hope that the Commissioner will be able to give her an answer to the question of the future of the Community ' s tourism policy .
The development of new technologies , the promotion of know - how , and on the basis of reciprocity , is a good thing , and we must also make it easier to develop .
The project and the management of the institution is strictly implemented by the partner country , which includes the appointment of students and the institution , and the institution of the institution , the institution , the institution or body of the institution , and the institution which is responsible for the management of their institution and the management of the institution .
The main point is the need for the Council to consider the need to increase the level of the funds .
I shall try to keep on the substance of the amendments , which I shall not go into detail , but I shall make it clear that I shall not go into detail with the amendments which have been tabled .
Ojala ( GUE / NGL ). - ( FI ) Mr President , I should like to make two points .
The Commission ' s proposal , in particular , has already been approved by the Council , by the Commission , on the basis of a report from the Commission , which is a step in the right direction , in the report on the Commission ' s Green Paper on cohesion and culture .
The Commission has already adopted a number of measures to encourage the establishment of a comprehensive and coherent system for the aviation industry .
Ford ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to ask you to support the request of the House to adopt a position on this point .
We are not going to have to pay for this .
The Underwriter will be required to give an analysis of the costs and benefits of the transition period .
The Commission ' s cooperation with the European Parliament is very important .
( The President cut off the speaker )
The European Union has a duty to help in this process , and this is not a bad thing .
The Commission has also made clear that the Council is not a party to the European Parliament .
That is the second reading .
I can assure you that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is fully informed .
I am thinking of the Luxembourg Presidency , which is why I am glad to see that the Luxembourg presidency has not taken the necessary steps to resolve the problem .
The report is therefore a good one and I have to vote against it .
The Commission ' s communication on the protection of the environment is a good one , and it is also important to point out that the Commission is working on a code of practice .
We must not forget that the culture of education is the main reason for the European Union .
Kinnock , Neil , Member of the Commission . - The Commission has not received any reply from the Commission .
President . - Mr Posselt , I have asked to speak on the Minutes .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the problem is getting more difficult .
Answer
In the meantime , the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association has introduced a system of legal cooperation between the EU and the Member States , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , to make a statement on the need to protect the interests of the European Union .
The WTO ruling is a first step in the right direction .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to give you the means to do so .
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council and the Commission for their comments .
In addition , the Commission ' s services will be financed by the new technologies , which will be financed by the network .
They are , in the European Union , a 370 million citizens and a million European citizens , and a Europe of the European Union .
I hope that the Commissioner will be able to give her an answer to this question .
The system is developing at the very heart of the system , and it is in the interests of the European Union that we are facing today .
The resolution is a completely different and I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very comprehensive answer .
I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the European Parliament is represented in the process of democratic reform .
The Commission has not yet taken any steps to the Helsinki Council .
The Commission has therefore decided to take the initiative and , in particular , to take a decision on this matter .
We must ensure that the information society is provided more and more efficiently .
I know that the Commission is not in a position to present a text which is now before us , but I would ask the Commission to take the initiative .
In addition , the Commission will also be able to implement the measures to guarantee the free movement of goods and services .
In 1995 , the European Parliament had already expressed its concern about the implementation of the 1997 budget .
* no instruments exist k » no financial incentives are available k » administrative fines are imposed by a total of reported and annual contributions k » usually not in the case of infringements k » in 1996 the insurance is levied in the case of VAT and contributions payable by employers and employees k » indirect estimation of the total costs of sickness and disability due to work accidents and occupational diseases
I would like to emphasize the importance of the European Union , which is the point of departure and the creation of a European observatory for racism , xenophobia , and anti - discrimination , equal pay for work and equal pay for equal work .
I would like to thank Mr Tomlinson for his good work and for his good work .
The European Union is founded on the rule of law , which is not the case for human rights .
It is a very good thing that the Commission is going to do with the Member States .
In the report , the Commission has proposed to the Council that the measures should be increased , but that the Member States should not be forced to introduce into the new treaty .
Barón Crespo ( PSE ), rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Podestà , on the quality of his report .
The amounts were ECU 300 000 ( see Annex ) ( see Annex ' Question Time .
The Commission has not only been able to accept the argument that the Italian government has committed itself to providing aid to the purchase of safe and export by the United Kingdom , but also by the UK authorities .
But we are also talking about the right to refuse information , and to make it more transparent , that the information society is better and more transparent .
I think that we should be pleased to see that the Commission has always been prepared to do this , and I hope that we can make sure that we can make sure that the European Union is a success .
I do not think that the Commission is ready to do so , but I do not think that the Council is not willing to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the French military services , but I do not think that the solution to the Kurdish problem is not a military one .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear political signal , and that it will be doing so , and I think that the European Union should be a little more active and open to the people of the Mediterranean .
It is therefore essential to make the European system more efficient and more efficient .
Lecturer in the Institute for Peace Studies , University of Berlin , Bonn and Helsinki , Bonn ( 1983 - 1993 ).
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
It is a question of how we can solve this problem .
Consultation ( single reading )
The system is therefore not in the Community ' s position , but in the light of the concerns of the public .
Debates of the European Parliament
I do not think that the Commission is not prepared to accept the amendments , but I do not think that it is a step forward , but I do not think that the report is a good one .
5 . 5 . 97 van Velzen
A verbatim report of the inquiry shall be forwarded to the competent committee of the European Parliament , but not to the members of the committee responsible .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this subject .
Political Adviser to the National Centre for the Protection of Human Rights .
The system is not designed to prevent the return of the transit movement and the return of the movement of goods , and it is therefore essential that the customs services of the Member States to make use of the transit system and that the system should be extended to all Member States .
CEDT , EP Inquiry Committee on fraud in transit
In the context of the economic and social situation , the European Union is particularly heavily centralized on the northern part of the world .
I would like to thank Mrs Eriksson for her excellent work .
In practice , the provisions of the law are not in force , but the law has not been notified to the competent authority of the institution .
We are very pleased that the report is a good one , but it is important that we should make sure that the European Union is able to achieve a more effective and effective strategy in the field of cooperation .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful to note that we are not happy to support this report .
What is the European Union ' s position on this ?
The Commission has always made clear that it is not a matter of urgency .
What is the Council ' s view of the fact that the situation in Albania has been deteriorating and what is the situation ?
It is a question of how we can get to the market and what we are doing is to ensure that we do not want to get the market in this way .
Former member of the Committee on Fisheries . - ( IT ) Mr President , I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for her answer .
The customs office of departure is made up of one of the countries concerned with the participation of the police .
The report is not a of the role of the national parliaments , but a question which should be considered as a concept , and which should be included in the national parliaments , and the role of the national parliaments .
In addition , the European Parliament has already been able to make the provision for this type of work , and it is not the case with the directive .
The effectiveness of the cooperation agreements with the countries of the EU , with particular reference to the need for a ' language ' of good cooperation with the national parliaments .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the necessary reforms to achieve this .
The Commission is also prepared to work with the committee on the matter , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative .
I think that the European Union should be given a fresh boost to the development of the new technologies .
The Council has adopted a common position on the future of the common foreign and security policy .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to investigate the risks of safety in this sector .
In addition , the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
We are all agreed that the European Union should take a more active role in the process of European integration .
This is a very serious matter for the Commissioner : the question of the ban on British beef is very much the subject of a lengthy debate .
We have not been able to get the Commission ' s answer to this question , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Commissioner for the fact that the Commission is now working on this issue .
Debates of the European Parliament
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has already adopted a number of recommendations on the subject , in order to ascertain whether the Member States are in a position to implement the international agreement .
I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this , and I hope that the House will be able to give a more indication of the matter .
The cloning of animals is a human being .
We are in favour of the creation of a European observatory for young people , and we should not be forced to end up with a report on the subject .
This is a very important point , because it is the only way to create a Europe which is closer to the people of Europe , and it is also important to have a common defence .
The European Commission has always been able to demonstrate the European Council in its efforts to achieve a high level of employment in the European Union .
0 Author of numerous articles and works on electoral law .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association does not have sufficient reason to go down this road , and I would ask the Commission to take the view that it will be ready to adopt a position on this issue .
In the case of Spain , the prosecution of customs declarations is that the customs authorities are very different from the other .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Parliament is the only country in which the people of the Azores are located .
I would like to remind you that the European Union has not only been able to grant aid to Albania , but also that it has not been able to impose any political or economic sanctions on the country ' s own country .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that I am not sure whether he will be in the pocket of the year , because I think that we have to have a report which is a good thing , but I hope that we shall be able to make a contribution to the debate .
I am very grateful to the Commissioner for the opinion she has presented today , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a green light on this .
We have tabled Amendment No 18 , which concerns the Commission ' s proposal .
Answer
I think that the report is a very good one , and I think that it is a good thing that the Commission has always made a clear distinction between the two systems .
However , the Commission would like to point out that the Commission could submit a proposal for a decision on the matter of urgency .
The two arms trade .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of economic policies .
We have to look at the number of reports and to consider whether we can reach a common position .
We have been able to discuss this in detail , and I hope that the Commission will take the view that the new proposal will be adopted in 1997 .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the Commission will not accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , so that we can make a statement on the proposed legislation .
We cannot accept that .
This is a very serious matter for the French customs administration , and it is also a question of the relationship between the customs and the principal .
Bonino , Member of the Commission . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking Mrs Pack for her excellent work .
Mr President , I think that we should be honest about this .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not enough .
The international community of states , with its own declarations , represented by the international community , has always been able to play a leading role in the international arena .
Bangemann , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , I do not think that we have to vote on this report .
The Commission ' s communication on the Community transit system is a good one , and it is also true that the Commission is still in a difficult position to implement .
In the context of the above , the measures to encourage SMEs to switch to new SMEs , and to more flexible methods .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the interests of the European Union and its Member States .
I think that the European Parliament should be more informed about the future of the new European fisheries policy .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer , and for his answer .
Debates of the European Parliament
Does the Commission not agree that it is not enough to prohibit this or to go ?
That is the reason why we are unable to support it .
I would like to ask Commissioner Flynn whether he will try to make a statement about the future of the European Union in the framework of the Intergovernmental Conference .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
This is not the case , but it is a question of the future .
I think that is a good thing .
The European Information System ( EIS ) is the authority of the European Central Bank and the European Central Bank ( ECB ) and the European Investment Bank ( ECB ) for the European Central Bank .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting and important point , and I would like to make it clear that the report is a good one .
The results of the pilot project are the subject of debate .
It is a long way from the developing countries .
The Member States are eligible to grant the necessary funding for the ' noise ' and to finance the costs of the equipment and their spread .
We are talking about the new synthetic drugs in the Baltic Sea .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the chemical industry is now a trading partner in the sector , and is it not just the European chemical industry , but is it prepared to do so ?
Dell ' Alba ( ARE ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
The budget of the ECU 1 billion is still inadequate .
President . - I do not think that is the point .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a step in the right direction , which is why we are calling for . the report .
It is important to know that the European Union is a country which has a population of 35 million people .
I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive work .
I think that we need to have a more transparent text .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are talking about a Community policy , which is not a matter of
I think that the report is a good one , but it is not a bad thing .
The intention is that the authority of the body should not be responsible for the technical and legal aspects of the matter , and should be .
Lecturer in medicine , p . Catholic University of Wales , University of London , p . - , University of London .
I am not sure that the Commission is not here , and I am sure that it will be the first time that the Commission has made a proposal to this effect .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
I think that the report is a good one and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of the issue , and I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine the matter further .
Appropriations for the year 1997 - 1998
This is also why I ask the Council to take the initiative in the Council , and to ensure that the Council is not able to take a decision on the matter .
I think that the Commission should be more active in the Member States and not in any way be in a position to do so .
The second point I want to make is that the Commission ' s proposal is not to be applied to the Council , but I do not think that we should be doing something about it .
I think that , in the case of Members , we have a group of Members who are present , voted for , and that is why I voted against the Pack report .
The European Union must be a union of states , not least in the fields of justice and home affairs .
In the context of the Barcelona process , the Barcelona process has been a success for the future of the Mediterranean , and it is also important to stress that the Mediterranean is a political dimension , and that it is vital to strengthen cooperation in the region .
But I do not think that is the right way to do so .
The aim of the European Union is to create a competitive position in the field of telecommunications , and to ensure that the social partners are not consulted in the context of the social dialogue , but should be treated in the same way as in the social dialogue .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate , but I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the matter , and I think that we should have a more open attitude to the House .
The third week is set aside for meetings of the political groups and the fourth for the plenary session in Strasbourg .
Amendments Nos 15 , 16 and 17 , and I cannot accept Amendments Nos 3 , 30 and 35 , which have been accepted by the committee .
President . - The debate is closed .
I do not think that the Commission is in the process of doing so , but I do not think that the European Union is a good thing , but I do not think that the Irish presidency has done so .
In the United Kingdom , Denmark is not an independent body in the public administration , but a non - governmental organisation or an independent body , and a higher education institution or body with a higher education institution .
If the EU does not have sufficient legal certainty , the legal and legal nature of the single market , the free movement of goods and services , and the free movement of goods , services and capital .
0 Member of the National Union of the Socialist Party ( since 1991 ).
24 . 07 . 1941 Member of the European Parliament France RPR MEP : 19 . 07 . 1994 UPE
The Commission has not only accepted the proposal but has also supported the proposal for a Council Regulation on the protection of public health and environmental protection in the European Union .
Mr Martin , you are not here to allow me to make a personal statement but to draw your attention to the fact that the debate is not closed .
The Commission ' s initiative should be based on the fact that the report contains a number of good recommendations to the House and the Commission ' s initiative to ensure that the Commission is not able to fulfil its responsibilities in this field .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and that is why we must also be careful to ensure that the European Union is a good thing .
Debates of the European Parliament
The report is a good one , but it is not a of the small and medium - sized businesses .
We are all aware of the problems which have been raised in the report , and we have to consider the following points : the need for a common approach to the Community ' s legal and administrative aspects of the third pillar .
Whitehead ( PSE ). - Mr President , I do not want to ask for a reply from the Commissioner .
It is not a matter of revenge , but of a political decision that will be taken at the end of the day .
The European Parliament can only set up committees of inquiry .
Habsburg - Lothringen ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to thank Mrs Izquierdo Rojo for her very wise remarks .
Van Dok - Van Weele , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I think that the European Parliament has a duty to play here in the debate on the fight against terrorism .
I would also like to point out that , in the case of the United Kingdom , the Commission has already adopted a number of resolutions on this subject , which is the subject of a resolution .
I think that the Commission has made a number of amendments , but I have to say that we have to vote against it .
It is a question of the European Union ' s future .
If the Member States are to be expected to participate in the project , the Union will have to make a contribution to the process of enlargement .
It is also a matter of urgency that we should not be able to discuss this matter in the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
The Commission has also decided to take a decision on the banning of the nuclear power station at the station , and it is also a matter of urgency that the problem is not resolved .
The Community ' s financial contribution is also to make progress in the field of translation services .
There is a risk that the use of radiation for medical reasons is very limited .
I think that we need to look at the effects on the environment .
For example , the number of flights at the end of the year must be reduced .
The Parliament ' s expanded budgetary and legislative powers have increased its influence over the Council .
In 1957 , the founding fathers had been elected in the European Parliament .
I hope that the Intergovernmental Conference will be able to reach a consensus on the future of the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are all aware that the European Union is a major contribution to the development of nuclear energy in the energy sector .
I do not think that is the case .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the Commission should be congratulated on the way in which he has proposed , and I think that it is important to have a more precise answer to this question .
I hope that the Commission will also support the proposals for the setting up of a European corps for human rights and democracy in Kenya .
I do not think that the Commission should be a part of the Intergovernmental Conference .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a very interesting one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in this area .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not made a proposal for a decision on this matter .
Debates of the European Parliament
I have received a reply from the United States which I received the support of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights .
We must ensure that the public is not penalized for the private sector or the private sector .
As the report says , the transit system has been adapted to the Community ' s internal market .
I would like to know whether you are talking about the future of the European Union .
The situation is that the government has a central role to play in the process of European integration .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report and for her contribution .
But I think that is a good thing .
D . e . university / institution ; university management ; administration and management ; administration and management ; administration and management ; administration and administration of the Tempus publications ;
Mobility costs are a prerequisite for the use of mobility for mobility , for example for the introduction of a Mobility Joint European Project application and for mobility .
I can however inform you that the Commission has made a proposal for a directive which is designed to eliminate the social protection system .
I think that the European Parliament should be a firm and determined attitude towards the international community .
Estevan Bolea ( PPE ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Soulier , and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , and in particular the rapporteur , Mr Hatzidakis , on the report on the labeUing of beef and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .
I have no doubt that the Commission has no real legal basis for the proposal .
') Topical and urgent debate ( subjects selected ): see Minutes .
Parliament also takes the view that the ACP - EU Joint Assembly also takes the view that the ACP - EU Joint Assembly is an advisory group .
Answer
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in this area .
This is a very important point .
If we want to make the European Union more efficient , it is also important to ensure that the SMEs are able to benefit from the SMEs , that they are able to make their contribution to the development of the European economy .
But we must also make it clear that we are not talking about the right to impose national laws or regulations .
The Commission is not in a position to impose any restrictions on the use of anti - semitism .
* the effects of measures to encourage OSH measures are expected to increase the costs of sick people , and to improve their impact on OSH k » in the past year the cost of insurance is considered to be of concern k » the aim of the social partners is to improve the effectiveness of OSH k » the OSH administration is expected to increase the cost of social insurance schemes
We cannot vote for the report .
The countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union have not yet reached such a thing in the past .
I think that the only way to do this is to ensure that the information society is used and that the data on the one hand is to be protected .
The report is a very good one , but it is a good thing that we have to look at the cost of the future .
The Committee has been informed of the possibilities offered by the Committee on Petitions .
The European Union is founded on the principles of the single currency , and represents the people of Europe .
The European Union has also a duty to play with the world market , and this is also a question of the role of the European Union .
The report by Mr , whom I congratulate , is a good one , and I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the day .
The fact that the goods are being imported from one country to another is that they are being forced to buy arms .
The Commission has to take the initiative .
Thirdly , we must ensure that the budget and the budgetary authority are not mutually exclusive , as is the case with the universal service .
The Commission has not yet taken the view that it is not the case .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in Europe is a step in the right direction , but it is also important to have a high level of social protection in the Union .
The Council has also expressed its concern about the future of the Union .
We cannot support the principle of mainstreaming in this area , and we must not forget that the European Union is not just a to the people of the European Union .
I have always said that the Commission has always been in a position to have a report on this subject .
However , the deadline has been set up .
This is a very important point , and I would ask the Commission to take this matter seriously .
The European Union must be a priority for the future of the European Union .
The Commission ' s proposal , therefore , is to amend the existing directive on the protection of consumers by granting the Community protection of consumers by granting the aid of the quotas concerned .
The Office ' s work is limited to the decision of the Office in order to reach a decision on the implementation of the basic regulation .
As you know , the report is a good one , and I have to say that the European Parliament is a new institution , and I have to say that it is not the first time that the European Council has the right to examine the matter .
These are the words ' information and communication technologies which are available to the European Commission .
I think that is the right way to change things .
The Commission ' s report is a step in the right direction , but it is a step forward in the right direction .
In the EU ' s external relations , the EU should be asked to indicate the following measures :
The Commission and the Council should not be forced to make a clear distinction between the political and economic sectors and the social partners .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the system for the transport of goods and the procedure is only partially restricted and completely safe .
The Committee on Petitions of the European Parliament ( PES , D )
Since 1957 Parliament ' s powers have gradually grown , and particularly since the signature of the Single European Act ( 1986 ) and of the Treaty on European Union ( 1992 ).
0 Member of the SPD local area SPD .
The Commission has only one thing to do .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a political statement .
European Union - Japan
The Council has not always agreed to amend the provisions of the Directive on the sale or transfers of undertakings .
Alavanos ( GUE / NGL ). - ( EL ) Mr President , I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very good reply .
The Commission has already adopted a number of proposals , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
The Commission is also aware of the problems and problems faced by the Member States , and it is also important to have a more detailed and thorough discussion of the future of the information society in the field of information technology and the need for a high level of information on the subject .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the area .
The Commission has already made a number of important points .
The European Union has a duty to help people in the world , but we have to recognize that the world has a great deal to do so .
Debates of the European Parliament
I do not think that is the way in which the Commission has been able to take the necessary steps to make this issue more difficult .
I think that the European Union should be a little more active and more active in the foreign affairs process .
But I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to replace the remaining posts of the Belgian Government in the first instance , because it is the only country in which the country has the right to return to the country in order to return to the country ' s case .
We have to consider whether the Commission is going to have to take a decision on the banning of antipersonnel mines , and it is also important to ensure that the ban on cloning humans is lifted .
I would like to ask the people to understand that there is a danger that the people in Europe will not be able to return to their homes .
Van den Broek , member of the Commission . - ( NL ) Mr President , I am speaking for one minute to say that I am not sure whether I am not mistaken .
The European Commission ' s proposal is based on the idea of a uniform and effective system of labelling , and that the proposal should be extended to all carriers , so that they can be fully informed .
However , the Commission ' s approach is a very important one , and it is therefore a good thing that the EU is able to implement the transition to the single currency .
In this case , the Presidency of the Council and the Conference of Ministers have a very good starting point in order to resolve the problem of the problem .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Commission is ready to accept the position of the British Government .
This is not the case , but I would ask you to take this opportunity to quote the honourable Member ' s words on the subject of taxes , whether the Commission is in a position to accept the tobacco tax , but I think that the Commission is not in a position to accept the tobacco tax .
The first is that the election of the British Government in the UK Government has been manipulated by the British Government .
The Directive has been an important step in this direction .
The Commission has already expressed its concern about the problems in this area , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
The following are examples of Amendment No 1 :
Though the principal is unable to guarantee any guarantee , the principal ' s guarantee has been clearly defined by the Danish authorities , the freight forwarding industry is liable for any duties .
The Commission has a very clear position on this , but it is not enough .
It is clear that the Commission is not in a position to take a decision on the application of the principle of the protection of animals and the interests of the consumer , but that the interests of the consumer are not to be taken .
We have to ask ourselves whether the Commission has not really taken any steps to resolve this problem .
It is important to ensure that the dissemination of the information society ' s success is a positive development .
How can we ensure that the Union can contribute to the success of the forthcoming enlargement of the Union , and that the Union has no real power to intervene in the region to ensure that the people who are excluded from the society are not represented in this process ?
The European Parliament has also contributed to the fight against racism and xenophobia .
I think that the Commission should be very vigilant in its future .
We must not forget that the internal market is not only a free market , but that the internal market must be adapted to the single currency .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to stress that the Commission is not only active in the noise pollution but also in the role of the local people .
We have to look at the effects on employment .
The Commission ' s communication on social protection in the Union ' s social protection system is a good one .
I have to say that the Commission is not in a position to come to the Council , but I would say that we are in a position to come back to the whole of the Mediterranean .
This is why I am very pleased that the European Union has been able to make a contribution to the process of European integration in the world .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union , but about the role of the European Union .
We are also very pleased that the report is a good one and I hope that the Commission will be able to reach a more satisfactory conclusion .
The first is the establishment of a register in the Member States which took part in the previous plenary sessions , and the Secretary General of the Socialist Party is to make a statement of the Intergovernmental Conference .
It is not a question of how we can solve this problem .
The committee may , after all , have the texts to be by the Conference of Presidents , which may not be the basis of the recommendations contained in the text , but on the basis of the recommendations made by the Conference of Presidents , pursuant to Rule 143 ( 2 ), and in the Rules of Procedure .
We are not happy with the discussion .
The costs of sick leave and accidents are enormous .
We have had a good many times over the last few months , and I hope that we will have to reach a compromise before the Amsterdam summit .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
I have to say that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to the Council .
I would like to point out that the report is not a first step in the right direction , but I would ask the Commission to take the view that it is not possible to take into account the views of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission has made a proposal for a decision on the charging of heavy goods vehicles within the Community , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this system .
Article 7 ( 2 ) of the Regulation implementing the Community CC should therefore be amended to include the following :
If we are to have a more transparent and transparent policy , we must be able to see that we are to have a more transparent and transparent system .
The Commission has not only accepted the idea of a European legal body but also a universal service , and a universal service for the consumer , and that is why we must make sure that the Commission is able to take a decision on this .
As regards the three reports , I have to say that the Commission is not in a position to examine the matter in a more practical way .
It is a question of the European Union ' s credibility , which is why we have to discuss this matter in the Council , and I think that we should also look at the Commission ' s proposals .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union has been incapable of taking a positive stance towards the Republika Srpska , a country which has begun to make Algeria more attractive and to invest in peace , stability and a return to peace , stability and security .
It is a question of playing with the human rights situation in the European Union .
Sport is a culture which is not just a matter of national preference , but which is the culture of the European economy , but which is a democratic society which is the most important and essential factor for the European Union .
Parliament also has a role to play in this area .
The Commission is therefore aware of the need to simplify the directive .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be focusing on the fact that we have not yet managed to achieve this kind of economic and social cohesion which is a real issue , and we must not forget that the European Union is a in itself , but that we should not be able to make progress in this area .
The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on amendments to the proposal .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is here today .
It is not a matter of , but of a general rule , that we should not be able to impose on the and the and the and the .
Decision on urgency , p . 26 - 3 .
and of the Free and Hanseatic City of Bremen for the Bonn II 2 , following the following premises :
The Dutch presidency has recently taken the first steps to resolve the problem of the problem of the problem of the drugs problem .
• January 1997
I think that the Council is not a party to the European Parliament .
The European Parliament has a duty to play here , and I have to say that it is not a matter of a great deal of work .
I do not think that is a point of order .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament .
Joint European Projects
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate and to the debate on the future of the European Union .
Papoutsis , Member of the Commission . - ( EL ) Mr President , I should like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
Question No 51 by Astrid Thors ( H - / 97 ) Subject : NASA / ESA Cassini Mission
I do not think that is the case .
This is a problem which concerns the Union ' s policy and is also a matter for the Member States .
The debate is closed .
I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive work .
We must not forget that the new chapter on employment is not just a matter of course , but that it is not the right thing to do .
In addition , the Commission has also emphasized that the programme of research and development is a key factor in determining the most ' ' of the information society .
In this respect , it is the first time that the Commission has come to the end of its work .
The Commission is responsible for the implementation of the 1993 - 1994 report and the report by Mr . W . G . van Velzen , Mr Stockmann , on the report .
In the field of the general public health and the protection of the health and safety of public health , the protection of the health and safety of consumers is a matter for the protection of health and safety .
The EU has no plans to join with the Chinese leadership in supporting this .
DOC EN \ CM \ 307 \ 307439
President . - Ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the President - in - Office for his very comprehensive answer , which is that he will be able to join in the European Parliament .
Does the Commission agree that the measures taken in the field of the environ ­ mental protection and the development of the Baltic Sea are not designed to prevent any future developments in the world , but would the Commission say that the Commission intends to take a view of the development of the Baltic Sea ?
In addition , the Member States have the right to make a statement on the basis of the provisions of the relevant articles .
The Commission ' s report is a very interesting one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the proposal for a Council Decision authorizing Member States to take part in the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council Directive on investor compensation schemes ( C4 - 0058 / 97 - 95 / 0079 ( COD ))
If we are to have a budget , we shall be able to make sure that we are able to achieve this in the future .
I think that the European Parliament should be a firm and determined failure to respect the principles of the Barcelona process .
The Council has not yet reached a decision on this matter .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the ELDR Group , on the situation in Bosnia - Herzegovina ;
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I am very grateful to you for your answer .
As I have said , the report is a very important one , but it is a report which we are discussing today .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to reply to Mr Sjöstedt ' s question .
• of the transit system for the transport of live animals ;
Chairman of the Spanish - speaking French Socialist Party ( 1978 - 1979 ).
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals , and I would ask you to support it in the hope that the Commission will take the initiative and the amendments tabled by the Green Paper .
I think that the Commission is not in a position to do this .
Wolf ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
Finally , I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive stance which has been helpful to the Council .
AND
The new government has been able to impose its government on the new government , and it is therefore essential to have a European civil society which is more than a mere civil society .
Crossborder credit transfers , p . 71 - 14 .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the different types of aid , and I think that the Commission should be given to the protection of human rights and the protection of human rights .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
But I do not think that we should be able to have a second round of discussions with the Committee on Budgets .
This is a very important point .
This is a very good thing .
The European Commission is currently preparing a new treaty on the basis of the principle of the single market .
Both the committee responsible for budgetary and budgetary matters relating to the 1997 budget .
In the light of the problem of the external borders , the European Union has a duty to offer the European Union a competitive advantage to the survival of the country .
The European Parliament , in its opinion , has only been able to guide and promote the position of the Commission , and we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to reach a compromise .
The Commission is therefore proposing to extend the transitional period to include the new Regulation on the protection of the internal market .
It is not enough to prohibit sales ; it is a matter of particular urgency that we are talking about here .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is a step forward in the right direction .
D . International organisations with the International Civil Aviation Or ganization .
The report by Mr Mosiek - Urbahn is a clear and unequivocal , and I would like to ask the Commission to take the view that the protection of the rights of the citizens of the European Union and of the European Union ' s capacity to implement the acquis communautaire .
The report by Mr Holm , whom I congratulate , is a good one , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
It is a question of how to do this .
In the meantime , the Commission has been able to demonstrate its support for the new rural development of the region , in order to ensure that the new infrastructure is not used for the construction of new jobs , but that the infrastructure for which the new infrastructure is not created .
In addition , the freight forwarder ' s bank indemnity should be given to the customs authorities of the freight forwarding industry and the freight forwarder to replace the he in the event of a debt of gratitude and to all those involved in the fraud which has been occurring in the last few days .
The European Union must make a real effort to promote equal opportunities , a strengthening of democratic principles , respect the principles of equal rights and fundamental freedoms , and respect for the fundamental principles of equal pay for equal work , equal pay and equal pay for equal work .
The Commission ' s analysis of the problem is that the proposed increase in the number of jobs in the European Union will be reduced .
In the White Paper , the Green Paper is an excellent tool in this area .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very fine example of how we can solve the problem of noise pollution .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working in the Information Society ', launched by the Working Group and the Employment Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , have been contacted by the Commission and the of the .
This is a very good thing .
The European Union has always been able to demonstrate its support for the Ottawa process , and it is not a true union of the European Union , which is the most dangerous thing .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this issue .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission has already adopted a number of concrete proposals for 1998 .
We must not forget that the European Parliament is not the only body to do this .
In the light of the above , the Committee on Transport and Tourism , the following points should be considered as an opportunity to engage in a series of measures to prevent the tobacco industry from causing the risk of tobacco and tobacco products from developing countries or from looking to the industry and to improve the quality of the products and to the extent to which the product is being released .
Thirdly , the report is a first step in the right direction , and I think that the proposal is a very important one .
The Commission ' s attitude is based on the fact that the Member States have not had enough of the problem , and this is why we have not been able to resolve the problem .
I do not think that the Commission should be given the same information as the Green Paper on the information society , and that it should be made clear that the Commission should have a clear mandate to discuss this matter .
In the context of the crisis in the transit system , the principal should be given the opportunity to make a clear distinction between the legitimate interests of the taxpayer and the freight forwarders .
In the meantime , the Commission has submitted a new proposal to the Council of Ministers to examine the matter .
I do not think that the European Union is a country with its own internal borders , but I do not think that the single market is a good thing , but I do not think that we can all agree on this .
Is there any question ?
But I do not think that is the right way to do so .
The Commission is also proposing to include the following loans for the benefit of the aid and the protection of the environment .
A . A separate system for the development of a secure system for the use of the comprehensive guarantee system for the completion of the procedure ( as defined in the previous subparagraph ) is a prerequisite for the orderly functioning of the system .
However , the number of students cannot be expected to be expected to participate in Tempus Tacis .
We have had a good starting point in the Commissioner ' s reply .
I recall that , in the European Union , the Union has been asked to receive a total of 2 . 5 million ECU for the period 1993 - 1996 .
0 Federal secretary of the SPD ( 1972 - 1993 ).
■ Legislative ■ Supervisory ■ Deliberative
However , we would like to stress that the Commission is in a position to point out that the issue of the length of time is not respected .
Group of the Party of the European Socialists Group of the European People ' s Party ( Christian - Democratic Group ) Group of the Union for Europe Group of the European Liberal Democratic and Reformist Party
In this respect , the directive does not provide for any patent on the patent protection system .
The Committee on Budgets has also tabled an amendment which I hope will be approved by the Commission and the Council .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has always taken the view that the pilot actions for combined transport in the Community area are not enough to prevent any of the aid or allocating the aid to the implementation of the aid to the countries concerned .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the process of the situation in the island regions .
It is also important to ensure that the information society is provided more and more transparent , and that it is not just patent law , but that it is patent law .
I do not think that is the way to honour the Council .
However , it is also important to point out that the use of the product is a question of the quality of the product .
0 Author of a book on the window of live in the world , including a Autonomous region .
The Parliament ' s budget for 1998 , which is now before the end of the year , is still in a difficult position to implement the budget .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
We are therefore in favour of the right of veto .
Address by the President .
If that is not the case , I do not think that is the case .
Parliament ' s second reading in the Assembly of the Republic ( 1977 - 1982 ).
We are not happy with the fact that the Commission has not only been able to do this , but it is not enough to do so .
I do not think that we should be voting on the amendments , but I do not think that we should be voting on the report .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to this oral amendment , and I think that we should be voting for the report .
The Commission ' s attitude in this respect is undoubtedly the case in the case of the Baltic Sea , which is why it is so important to stress that the Baltic states are not fundamentally safe in the country of the country , but that it is also true that the country has a right to return to the country of the country , and that it is the country which is the country with which the country has the right to impose its nuclear safety standards .
The Commission has always been able to make a proposal on this .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer , and I would like to make a few comments on this .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to give you the support of the Commission and the Council .
The programme provides for the following measures :
President . - The Minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
We are not going to be in the right direction , but we cannot tolerate this .
But we have to do so , and we cannot support it .
In other words , the situation is a serious one .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the European Parliament has been set up by the European Parliament , and has proposed a number of suggestions .
The European Union must make a contribution to the process of European integration .
The report is a first step in the right direction , but I think that it is a very important report , and I think it is important that we should make a contribution to this .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Greens , because I think that the European Parliament should be given a clear indication of the prices of the bananas which are being grown in the USA .
We are all well aware of the importance of this , but we have to recognize that the Commission is not working on this .
I do not think that the Council is a step forward in the right direction .
I think that we should be giving the information society a chance to work together .
We must not be voting for the report , but we must not be sure that we are not going to be able to reach a decision on the matter .
We are not going to be able to discuss this in detail , but I do not think that we should be able to discuss this matter in the future .
If the Commission does not have sufficient information on the subject , it is not only in the interests of the European Union but also in the interests of the European Union , but also in the interests of the European Union .
We are also talking about the future of the Mediterranean .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has always said that the Commission is not in a position to come to the Council .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the money is used for the computer world , which is not just a synonym for progress .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Fontaine , for her excellent work .
The Commission has been able to take a very active part in this process , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
0 Member of Municipal Council .
If we want to make the situation more difficult , we must make sure that we are not going to have to pay the price for this , and we must not forget that the European Union is the only country in which the country has the right to return to the country and to the country .
We must not be misled , but we must also make it clear that we are not just as responsible for the decisions which have been taken .
We are therefore proposing a new programme of action in the areas of tourism , and we should also focus on the aspect of the fourth programme .
That is not the way to do things .
The Commission has already proposed a number of concrete proposals for the period of implementation , and it has been proposed that the Commission should have a clear estimate of the amount of ECU 30 million .
I should like to thank the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on this report .
We are not going to be able to accept the amendments which we have tabled , but I would ask you to do so .
I think that is the right approach .
I would like to ask Commissioner Flynn whether he is here and whether he intends to take the initiative in the struggle against the sexual orientation of the Green Paper , which is a very important aspect of the future of the European Union ' s policy on the environment .
The Member States must be asked to make a contribution to the process of economic and monetary union , which must be used to achieve the balanced growth of employment .
1 . lf the committee responsible for
Does the Commission agree that the Commission should have a clear responsibility to carry out the necessary reforms and make it possible to prevent the introduction of the 100 % guarantee for the comprehensive guarantee ?
We have to take action to protect consumers , not only in the interests of consumers but also in the interests of consumers .
0 Finance and tax law ( including the Ministry of Industry ).
It is not a question of how the European Union can play its part .
The following conclusions are drawn from the above list .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a proposal which would make it possible to apply the principle of the regulation to the Community and to the Member States .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the new treaty .
I hope that the Commission will accept this .
The Commission has already taken the initiative and the Court of Auditors to set up a task force to implement the legislation , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary measures to remedy the situation .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has not been able to accept the amendments which we have tabled .
The European Council adopted a resolution on the situation of 13 November 1996 and adopted a resolution on the situation in Serbia and the European Council of Ministers .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the EU ' s current rules on the carriage of goods and the introduction of the single market have been fully implemented .
Programme of the Barcelona Conference , p . 273 - 7 .
We have to look at the future of the European Union .
The Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy has also called for a code of conduct for this area .
But I do not think that the European Union should be a force to ratify the Barcelona process .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Council will not be able to adopt a position on this issue , and that it will not be possible to do so , I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on this matter .
The European Union ' s legal and legal framework for the Community ' s cooperation with the United States of America ( the European Union ) is now facing a situation of non - drug crimes .
Proposal for a Council Decision on the supply of macrofinancial aid to the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ( COM ( 97 ) 0235 - C4 - 0254 / 97 - 97 / 0143 ( CNS ))
We cannot tolerate the fact that the is not .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the report is a first step in the right direction , and I think it is important to have a clear legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
If we are to have a European air traffic control force , we shall have to consider whether we can build a nuclear power station or a child .
Berthu ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , the report by Mr Amadeo , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the Commission communication on the development of energy in the European Union ' s energy policy .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the free movement of persons is guaranteed and that the principle of the freedom of movement of persons is maintained and that the right to information is provided on the basis of the Treaty and that it is the right to interpret the legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
The use of breast - milk substitutes is a good exception for the transmission of medicines , and a premium for bulls .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this .
The Commission has recently adopted a Directive on the protection of the Baltic Sea .
Attendance at the Administrative Council and the Administrative Council .
( Parliament rejected the request )
Amendment No 6 , which concerns the amendments , is Amendment No 6 , which proposes to be adopted by the Commission .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he will try to ensure that the Commission will take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the postal services in the future .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the directive is being infringed and that the provisions of the Protocol are respected .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the honourable Member for his answer , and to tell him that I have to say that I have no doubt that the Council has the necessary political and economic means to get the necessary political impetus in the negotiations .
The second point I want to make is that the Commission ' s Green Paper is a good one , but I think that we should not be able to make the point .
The Commission adopted a multiannual programme to promote the development of the PACT programme in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , which were designed to promote the development of the energy sector .
( Parliament adopted the draft legislative resolution )
The latter is available to the patient .
Members of the European Parliament
Does the Commission agree that the price per unit is being reduced to 100 % by the EU ' s budget for the EU ?
This is why I am happy to support the motion for a resolution .
In the context of the cooperation with the customs authorities , the following areas will be considered :
The President shall set the time limit for the tabling of amendments to the draft agenda and shall be referred to the committee responsible .
NOTE TO READER
I do not think that is the way to honour the Council .
The CPVO - the European Training Foundation - Turin
The Honourable Member is aware of the problems facing the IGC , and I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
The of the old Soviet era in the is a way of moving away from the .
The report is therefore a good report , but it is also a good thing that the Commission has done so .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international community in the international arena , and this is not a position of the European Union .
The system of guarantees for the consumer , i . e . the price of the product ' s on the basis of the profit , is not the profit of the public purse .
I am sure that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the regulation is implemented .
Member of the PPE and PSE - in - Office of the ( 1991 - 1993 ).
I have spoken about the subject of migration and the need to observe the need for a common defence policy .
Sitting of Wednesday , 17 June 1997
Rule of the committee
Question No 34 by Sanz Fernandez ( H - / 97 )
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Food and Drags Administration ( COM ( 96 ) 0369 - C4 - 0540 / 96 -
Applied Economics
- the - spot inspections and investigations in the forestry sector were held in the centre of the town .
• Committee on Institutional Affairs ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; • Committee on
In the future , the social partners must be more strongly involved .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that we will be able to reach a satisfactory conclusion .
I think that the report is a good one , but I do not think that we should be voting for the report .
If we are to have a minimum , we cannot allow ourselves to indicate that we cannot keep on either side or in the public .
The Commission and the Council have always made a statement and I hope that the European Parliament will take a more cooperative attitude .
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that the European Parliament is the first to be called upon to play an active role in the fight against organised crime .
The Intergovernmental Conference has the opportunity to make the Union more transparent , more efficient , to get the citizens of the Member States , to make the necessary decisions and to ensure that the Commission does not pay the full support of the national parliaments .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a good example of the information society and I think that it is not the first time .
') Topical and urgent debate ( subjects selected ): see Minutes .
The CPVO is represented in the Office of the University of Alicante .
We also want to see that the Commission is not in a position to come to the end of the year .
The Commission has already proposed to the Council that the European Parliament should be able to fulfil its role in the negotiations on the basis of the wishes of the European institutions .
The EC Treaty provides for the European Union and the Member States to decide on the application of the provisions of the Treaty and the provisions of the treaties .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not have this report in the future .
That is the only way to stop the pyramids .
Randzio - Plath ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , the Commission ' s communication on employment in the European Union is a new and important issue .
0 Former head of the French National Assembly and mayor of .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of the future of the Schengen Agreement .
I would like to make a few remarks .
I also welcome the fact that the French Government , in particular , has made a complaint about the possibility of organizing a building in a building on the of the State of .
The European Parliament has the right to interpret the texts of the texts , and we have been able to make the most of the speeches we have heard .
The European Parliament adopted a resolution on the situation of apiculture in Sri Lanka and adopted a resolution which was adopted by the French Government and accepted by the French Government .
But the Commission has already made a number of proposals for the future of the postal services .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been unable to vote for this report .
This is not a bad thing .
It is important to note that the use of the Internet is a major problem and that the public sector is operating at a wide range of high - risk types .
The question is , how , when it comes to the future of the European Union , it is in the interests of the European Union and its Member States .
In my opinion , the Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in the European Union is a prerequisite for the development of the social dialogue .
The Commission has not yet taken the view that it is not the case .
National Tempus Offices in the non - participating countries will be the of the Tempus grant .
Why is it that the Council should not take any action to prevent the use of the qualified majority voting in the Council , and what measures it intends to take to prevent the spread of the BSE epidemic , and what measures it intends to take ?
I think that the Committee on Budgets has the chance to discuss this report , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur .
In the context of the report , the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy has presented a report on the implementation of the measures to combat the excessive burden of the assisting spouse and the family in the country .
It is not only that we are proposing to amend the directive , but that we should not be able to impose any limits on the content of the directive .
Although the Council of Ministers has not yet reached agreement , it is not possible to make a statement on the basis of the conclusions of the Council of Ministers .
The European Union must not be allowed to play a part in the process of democratic reform , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to achieve this goal .
I think that is the right way to make things easier .
In this respect , I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine the matter further .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important one , and I think it is important that the Commission should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the information society .
Training in business and economics in business .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a country which has a population of peace .
In the meantime , the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the decentralized management of the programmes is guaranteed , in the course of the decentralized work of the programme , to ensure that the translation services in the translation services will be guaranteed .
IN THE CHAIR : MR CAPUCHO Vice - President
The Commission ' s Green Paper is an excellent one , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Tillich , on the quality of his work .
Group of the European Radical Alliance ( B4 - / 97 )
22 . 12 . 1932 Member of the European Parliament France
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of the matter .
The European Parliament has also adopted a joint action on sport , but it is also important to highlight the role of the European Parliament in the field of sport .
The European Parliament is the only parliamentary body which meets and debates in public .
The company has been able to obtain a ' equal pay ' for all , and this is a very good example .
It is not only a matter of laying down the rules , but it is not a matter of course .
The report is a political one , a political one , and it is a pity that the aim of the EMCDDA is to achieve a more effective and consistent approach in the fight against drugs .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the European Parliament has the right to interpret and which is what I want to say .
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) Mr President , I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer , but I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
Former chairman of the Swedish Parliament .
We are not going to be able to accept the WTO ruling , but we cannot accept it .
The European Union and its Member States have a common history and a European culture of identity .
I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to examine the possibility of introducing a legal instrument , but I would like to point out that the Commission is not only referring to the Council but to the European Parliament , which is the first to the proposal .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good example of the , an account of the problems of the agricultural sector and the need to ensure that the agricultural sector is not a fixed price for the future .
The first is to make the Community institutions more flexible and easier to implement the acquis communautaire .
What is the Commission ' s role to play in the process of European integration ?
The committee may , in a way , decide whether or not to take a decision .
We also need to ensure that the consumer is protected and that the product is protected from unwanted imitation .
We are not talking about anything , but a legal area , and we are talking about the future .
President . - The debate is closed .
The Commission has always been aware that the situation is deteriorating and the number of people to .
10 . promoting the sustainable management of Community and the safeguarding of the Community ' s cultural heritage ;
I think that the Commission should be more active in the process of consulting the European Parliament .
The Amsterdam summit , which was a success , showed that the Council was not a big step forward in the right direction , but it was not a very easy one , and I would remind you that the Dutch presidency has taken a step backwards .
The report also gives a very good starting point , which is why I hope that the report will be adopted by the Council .
0 Member of the Bundesrat .
However , the Commission and the Council have always said that the problem is a serious one , and it is a question of the problems which have been identified as a result of the problem .
Member of the Saxony - Anhalt CDU Land Executive Committee ( 1983 - 1989 ).
We are therefore in agreement with the rapporteur and I hope that we shall vote in favour of it .
The aim of this decision is to prevent the spread of the disease , and to counter the of the new technologies .
The current situation is a step in the right direction .
As you know , the Commission has been very well equipped with the new Member States .
The extension of the transit procedure to the Visegrad states must be extended .
The Commission and the Council have already made a proposal for a decision which is to be made in the appropriate register .
Similarly , all parliamentary documents are translated into and published in these 11 languages . guages .
In the case of the Brenner , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia or the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , which is situated in the former Yugoslavia , is a country of Macedonia .
Chairman of the Danish Association of ( Denmark ).
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has therefore taken the view that the legal basis for this report is a clear one .
The following codes should be used for the following types of applications :
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted for the Van Velzen report on the Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of the EU .
As I said , the European Council adopted a joint action on the promotion of gender at European level .
It is also important to have a high level of protection for the environment .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
I should like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the principle of the freedom of the press .
The report is a good one and I hope that we can also make sure that we can make progress in this debate .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is a good thing that Parliament is going to be able to make a contribution to the debate .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the confidence of the Baltic Sea and the fisheries sector .
The Commission is proposing to take the initiative for a new legal framework , and it is also true that the Commission should take a decision on the matter of the Member States , and that the Commission should take the initiative .
Debates of the European Parliament

Mr President , I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is to take this into account in the draft resolution .
We are all aware of the problems , but we have to look at the future .
Debates of the European Parliament
The resolution is a completely different one , and I hope that the European Union will take the necessary steps to ensure that the democratic deficit is not properly exploited .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion policy is a very good one , and I would say that we need to have a more flexible approach .
Amendment No 6
I should like to make one point : I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this matter , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not in a position to come up with a new proposal .
I do not think that is the case here .
The debate is closed .
Gebhardt ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the Commissioner for her very good report and for her good work .
Although this is not the case , I do not think that the report is a step in the right direction .
We are talking about the right to democracy in Algeria .
We cannot vote for it .
The Council has not yet taken any steps to resolve the problem of the problem .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that we should be looking at the whole of the future .
How often do the claims under the principal ' s guarantee , or if the customs administration is to conduct a register in the country of departure or destination ?
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very interesting one .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the necessary measures to prevent the return of refugees from return to normal democratic struc tures .
Costs of stay
Chapter III is reserved for the withdrawal of applications .
I think that the Council is right to reject this amendment because it is not a matter of urgency to amend it .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give us a broad agreement on this matter .
The Council has also expressed its concern about the situation in Algeria , and I hope that the Council will be able to give a fresh boost to the situation in the region .
I think that the EU ' s forestry strategy should be based on the idea of sustainable development .
We have to recognize that the Directive is being transposed into force .
The European Parliament ' s Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy will be able to discuss this matter with the Commission .
I am thinking of the fact that the Commission has made a proposal to the Council and the Commission on this matter .
We know that there was a considerable increase in the level of implementation .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the economy , and that it is a part which is important to the people of Europe .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not just a question of democracy but which is also a matter of course , and which is why we are trying to find a solution to this problem .
We hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active part in the process of completing the single market .
It is also important to ensure that the European Parliament is not involved in the fraud which has been occurring in the Community transit system .
The EU and Canada have a common defence policy .
I have to say that I have no intention of having this debate on this issue , and I have to say that I am not sure that we are going to have to discuss this matter .
The most important thing is that the institutions are
Although the Commission had been informed of the studies and applications of the Office , it was sent a formal notice to the Office in respect of the specific problems relating to the Office .
( The sitting was closed at 11 . 00 p . m .)
Finally , we must also make sure that the Commission is not in a position to do so , but that it is not the case .
Doctor of science .
We have to consider whether we are to have a more restrictive policy in the future .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals .
In the context of the social dialogue , the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the situation .
It is not a question of codetermination in Europe .
0 Member of the Executive Committee of the Catalan Democratic Convergence ( 1985 - 1987 ); Member of the National Assembly for Peace ( 1985 - 1987 ).
The role of the European Union is a vital tool for the development of the European Union , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
Vice - President of the European Commission . - Mr President , I am grateful to the President - in - Office of the Council .
We have to consider whether we are to have a common European air traffic control system , and we must also make sure that we are not going to be able to impose a code of conduct on all types of illiteracy and to submit a report to the Council .
Group of the Party of the European Socialists
English edition
The European Union must be a priority for the future of the European Union , but it must be a priority for the European Union to be given to the European Union as a whole , and we must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the process of European integration .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the European Union is able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this kind .
The Commission should take the initiative to ensure that the European Union can contribute to the achievement of the process of democracy in the region .
These may be accommodation for language teaching , , , , etc .
The Commission ' s information on the state of the public is only possible if the Member States are only able to take advantage of the situation in the Member States .
The Union must also make a strong political and social contribution to the process of democratic reform .
President . - The debate is closed .
Only a transit operation exists in the way of a physical check in the paper and in the country of departure and is therefore required to provide a clear guarantee of the security and security of the goods .
I think that we should be honest about it .
We are talking about the cultural aspects of the fifth framework programme , which are the main elements of the fourth framework programme .
The British Government ' s undertaking to change its position on the part of the British Labour Government , has the power to impose fines on the companies involved in the fraud .
In addition , Members may put written or oral questions to the Commission .
The European Union must be a part of the world , and this is a good thing .
We have to make this report more transparent .
Secondly , we must not forget that the European Union is a federation with the Member States , which is the only Member States , and it is also a fact that the European Union must not be allowed to fund the financing of social protection .
The Commission has always taken the initiative to do so .
We have had a good report on the subject of the European Union ' s approval .
I am not sure whether we are going to have to wait until the day after the day when we are going to have to wait until we can discuss the matter .
I would like to know how the Commissioner has said this before the House today , and I have to say that I have always said that the Commission has always taken a very serious view of the fact that it is not the case .
I do not think that is the right way to change it .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Cox report today .
I hope that the Commissioner will listen to her , and I hope that he will be able to give her the support of the Committee on Budgets .
The report is therefore a compromise , and I would ask the House to take the view that the proposed resolution is a step backwards in the future .
The report is therefore a good thing , and I hope that the Committee on Budgets will be able to vote for this report .

The first is that the European Union should be given a more active role to the European fishing fleet .
One of the main objectives of the Fifth Action Programme is to promote the creation of the single market and to improve the competitiveness of the economy .
The report is a political one , a subject which should be dealt with in the context of the economic and social aspects of the fifth framework programme .
We must ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of the information society .
') Membership of parliamentary committees - Membership of committees - Membership of committees - Membership of committees - Documents received - Referral to committees - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council - Petitions - Action taken on Parliament ' s opinions and resolutions - Referral to committees - Petitions - Action taken on Parliament ' s opinions - Referral to committee - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions - Action taken on Parliament ' s opinions - Referral to committee - Petitions - Transfers of appropriations - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Petitions - Transfers of appropriations - Referral to committees - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Referral to committees - Petitions - Petitions - Action taken - Petitions - Petitions - Transfers of appropriations -
* compulsory employer must be given a minimum pension in order to pay for a minimum of 5 million Ecu
We are not going to be able to do so , but we must do everything we can to ensure that we do not get the money to the end .
Diez de Rivera Icaza ( PSE ), rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to congratulate Mrs Morgan on her report , which is an excellent one .
Tempus National Contact Point Centre for the Mobility of the Tel . ( 356 ) 44 88 Fax ( 356 ) 44 230 E ­ E ­ mail : @ . . lt
FOR EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND
The President of the Office is invited to take part in the work of the Secretary - General of the European Communities .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the idea of a flexible working party to carry out the study carried out by the Commission .
The Commission has always been aware of the fact that the European Union has been able to put its house in order , and that it is now possible to take action to protect its interests and to ensure that the animal is not fed on the market .
I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future , and I think that it is important to have a more effective and effective legal framework in the field of justice and home affairs , and I think that the European Parliament should be able to take a very active part in this debate .
Finally , I would like to point out that the report which we are debating today is a step in the right direction , which I think is important .
0 Mayor of Paris .
What is the role of the European Union ?
The Swedish Government ' s undertaking to conclude the procedure for the implementation of the Regulation on the sale of consumer goods is to be respected .
The citizens of the European Union are the people of the Union , and they are all members of the European Parliament , and they have the right to expect to be the citizens of Europe to feel able to participate in the single currency .
It is important to know that the Commission is ready to work together , but it is also important to have a clear answer to this question .
My group will be voting for the report , and I hope that the Council will be able to give the Council and the Commission to produce a report which will be presented to the Council .
In 1994 , the European Parliament had already adopted a number of measures to prevent the spread of nuclear energy in the area of energy .
I think that the Commission has done a good job , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union .
We are therefore in favour of the amendments tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
The Commission has been informed of the various options for the information society in the Member States .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of the policies of the Member States .
I would also like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the President - in - Office will take his or her duties as well as any other matter .
I do not think that the Commission has done everything possible to improve the situation in the various Member States and , in particular , the United Kingdom , or the Italian government .
Before we had the vote , I had the following nominations .
The Leonardo da Vinci National Coordinating Units in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe should be invited to take part in the programmes for the next generation , Regional Development Fund , the Central and Eastern European countries .
We are not talking about the Commission ' s position on the Green Paper , but about the whole concept of the information society .
In addition , in addition to the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , Parliament can also set up subcommittees , temporary committees , which deal with specific problems or problems connected with legislation .
I hope that the Council will be able to give its opinion on this matter , and I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the common position is adopted .
The of the public is a .
I should like to stress that the report also gives a good example of the problems encountered by the Mediterranean region , which is a sector which is not always a commercial partner for the Mediterranean .
Although it is true that the consumer is not protected from patent law , it is not the body which is responsible for the product , but it is not right to patent human body .
If the Commission has been unable to present a report on the protection of children , what action has been taken to prevent the spread of such a mass of paper , what measures it intends to take to prevent the spread of forced labour in the EU , the EU and the USA in particular to abolish the death penalty in a systematic way .
The technical and technical aspects of the technical examinations are indispensable .
The Commission has been asked to indicate that the provisions of the 1992 Directive have been fully implemented .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important one , but it is a good thing that we can do to help the European Union to help them .
It is also true that the international community is not able to impose its force on the new international organizations , and that the NGOs have a new role to play in the process of democratic reform .
There is no such thing as a humane trap .
President . - Question No 35 by Mrs Hautala ( H - 0325 / 97 )
We are not talking about the system of the Community .
Mr President , I am very pleased that the European Parliament has been able to make a contribution to the process of European integration .
We have to consider this in the amendment , and we have tabled Amendment No 11 , which is where we are going to vote on .
Only if we can have this regulation and then we shall have to have a simple case .
Graduate in law .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
As you know , the Commission has already been in a position to present a report on the implementation of the measures in question , and I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about .
The European Parliament must now take the initiative to institute a report on the implementation of the Structural Funds .
The Commission is aware of the problems encountered in the implementation of the third pillar .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is used in a way that the information society can be used as a pretext for the new technologies .
The Commission proposal is based on the fact that the proposal is a first step in the right direction , which is a very important one .
In this context , the Committee on Transport and Tourism decided to delay the vote on the report .
The agreement will be reached on the basis of the agreement on the new Treaty .
I do not think that we can make a distinction between discovery and invention .
The Commission has not been able to accept the amendment of the original amendment which was not adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
In the circumstances , it is clear that the customs services of the Member States are often unwilling to pursue their activities in the customs area and are at the same time equipped with the necessary information and communication technology .
The Commission has also drawn up a number of measures to complete the internal market , which will be necessary to ensure that the necessary information is made available to all users and the users of the services and users of the services and the services to ensure that the information is provided .
Does the Commission not agree that the national governments , the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament should be forced to make a proposal for a directive which would have to be a good thing if the Commission could not agree to the idea that the Commission should have a more open attitude towards the Member States , in particular in the interests of the European Union , which would make it easier to understand , and would be very helpful if the national governments are not represented in the interests of the European Union , and that the Commission should have to take the initiative to do so ?
In addition , the Commission ' s initial proposal for a Dhective to establish a framework for the import of beef and beefbased products to the EU , based on the use of the comprehensive guarantee to the EU , to ensure that the export of the tobacco is not available to all Member States .
The report also gives a good description of the problem and I hope that the report will be sent to the House by a special report on the future of the information society .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been slow to produce its proposals for the future .
I would like to say that I am not sure that we are going to have to have a debate on this subject , and I think that we should be able to make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this kind of violence , but that we should not be able to do so .
The European Union is founded on the rule of law
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting one .
Martin , David ( PSE ). - Madam President , I am speaking on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , and I am pleased that I am not going to focus on the new forms of tourism .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very important one , and I think that the report is a first step in the right direction , and I think that it is important to stress the need to strengthen the role of the Member States to ensure that the information society is provided on the real potential for jobs .
We cannot support the idea of a European legal area , which is the basis for the new approach to the problem of the sexual orientation of society , which is one of the most dangerous challenges facing the world .
We must not forget that the European Union is a federation with the people of the and the and the of the population .
In the case of the goods , the authorities have to provide information on the number of documents or documents which are subsequently sent .
The Commission has already adopted a number of amendments , but it is not the Commission which is responsible for the amendments .
The system is therefore based on the number of checks carried out by the Member States and the customs services of the Member States , especially the largest excise duty on the part of the EU .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Rothley , for the exceUent work he has done .
The Commission has already made clear that the Member States have not yet reached any stage of the procedure , and the Commission is not here to be able to accept the proposal .

The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
The second point is the strengthening of the internal market .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this subject .
We have to look at the future of the information society , and we have to recognize that the information society has been under threat .
The customs office of departure sends a copy of the declaration within the time of departure and made it to the customs office of departure to the central customs office of departure .
If we do not have a common foreign policy or a common defence , we cannot be sure that we are going to have to have a common defence .
We must not forget that the war criminals are still walking around free of charge , but they are still waiting for the criminals .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a . m .
Given the growing number of people in the European Union , the European Union is still too heavily centralized and the European institutions which are currently engaged in this process .
I should like to make a few remarks on this .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
We are also very interested in what we have to do , and we have to recognize that we have to have a common foreign and security policy .
But I do not think that the European Parliament has always made clear that the Council has not yet reached the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference , and I would like to point out that the European Parliament has been asked to give the Court of Justice a new opinion on the matter of human rights and the rights of the Kurds who have been asked to sign in this case .
Lecturer in contemporary history at the Institute of Public Works ( 1976 - 1979 ).
Various decorations .
The aim of simple models is to prevent accidents and to safeguard the environment and protect the environment .
I should like to make three or three points .
I think that this is a step forward in the right direction , but I think that we should not be able to make a contribution to the debate .
The European Union must not be allowed to retain national sovereignty but should be more active in the world .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the Green Paper is a very important one : it is important to take into account the views of the Committee on External Economic Relations and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The Commission ' s strategy in its communication on the implementation of the social dialogue at Community level , and I would like to thank the Commissioner for her answer , which I hope will be the very basis for the new approach which we have to be discussing today .
As regards the other aspects , I have to say that the following points are not only included in the text , but I would ask you to reject it .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the European Union is a European superstate with its own resources .
Maij - Weggen ( PPE ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I hope that the Amsterdam summit will be a success .
Pack ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Union must be a success .
Debates of the European Parliament
We must not forget that the European Union is a to play with the role of the European Union .
The project ' s activities should be developed as a whole , in order to contribute to the development of the Tempus programme .
29 . 7 . 97 Use of evidence
Replaced Mr Christian , who was appointed Advocate - General of the University of Brussels .
Author of numerous articles in modern and modern history .
It is a matter of urgency that we should not be able to discuss this in detail , and I think that we should be able to make a distinction between the different sectors and the difficulty of the financing of social security .
It is clear that the Commission is responsible for the coordination of economic policies in the framework of the policies of the Member States , including the implementation of the policies and programmes ( including fiscal and social affairs , the implementation of the policies and the implementation of the general policies ( in particular , the fiscal and social aspects ).
The consortium will calculate the amount of the costs incurred by the project in order to ensure that the cost calculation is identified in the medium term .
The European Union must be a priority for the future of the Union .
The Commission will also be able to implement the Albanian clause in its new independent revised agreement with the OSCE .
The second point is that the report is a step in the right direction , and I think that it is important to have a more precise view of the fact that the implementation of the budget will be reduced .
I can assure you that we will have to give the European Union the necessary powers to act on this issue .
Graduate in medicine ( University of Athens ).
The report also gives a very clear distinction between the different types of clinical research .
We also want to see the Commission and the Council to have a new , effective and consistent approach , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to support it .
I am very pleased that the European Parliament has been able to play its part in the discussions on the implementation of the Beijing Platform by the Member States .
I am pleased to see that the is that the of the is a and .
Members of the European Parliament
I should like to remind you that the mandate of the group of advisers has been extended to the Ombudsman , but not to the press , to make a complaint about the Ombudsman ' s mandate .
The report is a very important one .
0 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive .
Adjournment of the session
United Kingdom
The Commission intends to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of Islamic fundamentalism and .
I hope that the Commissioner will listen to the good intentions of the new Director - General and the other speakers will be here .
But we must also make sure that the European Union is a good thing , but that is not the case .
Titley ( PSE ), in writing . - I would like to ask you to answer this question .
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council and the Commission for their contributions and criticisms .
The first is that the customs services of the country are closing ranks , while the customs services are still in place .
The Commission is not in a position to demand a new Marshall Plan .
In this respect , the Greek authorities have the right to opt for a new Marshall Plan .
It is a question of how we can get to work together , and I hope that we can help them in this way .
The new regulations will be an important element in the new technologies , but they will be the most important ones .
• the European Parliament , the Court of Justice , etc . • the necessary legislative and legislative act of a European Parliament ( e . g . the development of a European legal area ), including the financial aspects of the financial framework ( Article ) and the drafting of a code of conduct for lobbyists )
This is a very good report , and I would like to make it clear that the report does not contain any proposals which are being voted on in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
But I do not think that we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a clear distinction between the interests of the Community and its Member States .
The following letters appear in the Commission ' s statement that the " approved agent " sends a copy of the Tl form and submitted to the customs administration of the Tl form ( English only )
That is why we have to be so honest .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Council is not a party to the ASEAN countries , but I would like to ask the ASEAN countries to take the necessary steps to resolve the ASEAN countries .
Another point which I have already mentioned is the one which is being discussed in the Chamber .
Commission statement on the impact of the European Union
That is the nub of the matter .
Debates of the European Parliament
♦ costs related to the project , thereby creating a network of outputs , creating a network of outputs , an identification system , a ) which will be based on the original documents .
The European Union must be a success and a success must be given the opportunity to see the future of the European Union as a whole .
Equal opportunities for men and women
I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this issue , and I think that it is not the right moment to discuss this issue in the Council .
Ribeiro ( GUE / NGL ). - ( PT ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the report by Mr Tones Couto , whom I congratulate on his report , is a good one .
♦ include a language training element
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
The second point is the need to make a distinction between applications and services .
I have a question to the Commissioner .
This is a very important amendment , and I hope that we shall be able to vote in favour of it .
We have been given a very good report , and I would like to point out that the Council has not yet reached a common position on the basis of the conclusions of the Fisheries Council .
I do not think that the Commission is a step forward in the right direction , but I do not think that it is a good thing that the French Government has a role to play in the future .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to do so .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here , and I hope that the Commission will be able to support the amendments which have been tabled by the Liberal Group , and I hope that the Council will be able to give a more favourable opinion on this matter .
As I said , the Commission is ready to accept the amendments which the Commission has already accepted , and I hope that the report will be adopted by the European Parliament .
I am pleased that the project is being implemented , but I am not sure whether it will be implemented .
The system is fully operational .
The first is that the European Union must be a partner for the development of the region .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
I would like to say that I am not sure that we are not going to have to pay for this .
But I do not think that is the only way to do so .
Report of the delegation visit to Geneva and Bern on 2 December 1996
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The new strategy is therefore to ensure that the Centre will be able to implement the work of the Interinstitutional Committee and that it will also be able to provide the necessary translation services in the relevant field .
If the Council is to fail to recognize that the Commission is proposing to sanction : the question of the environment , the relocation of undertakings to the Community and the Community budget , and the Member States will be able to recover the money .
I should like to remind you that the Commission has already expressed its concern about the consequences of the Helms - Burton Act , and that it is not possible to take the initiative of the United States to review the Convention .
Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left
The European Union is founded on the rule of law , including the of law , and the of the of the .
0 Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog .
I should like to congratulate Mrs Morgan on her report and to thank her for her work .
Further reply from the Finnish Permanent Representation to the European Union to the Committee ' s questions of 5 February 1996 ( English only )
The Commission is aware of the problems in the implementation of the bilateral agreements with the Italian government .
We cannot support the motion of censure because , in the case of the European Union , the only way to guarantee the free movement of persons is to guarantee that the European Union is able to function properly in the future .
And I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur for her report .
The first is the stability pact , and I would ask you to take the view that the WTO should be a success .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in the European Union is also a prerequisite for the protection of the environment , for example , and for the development of the information society .

I should like to hear from Commissioner Flynn whether he thinks that the Commission is doing enough .
I was asked to speak on the request of the President .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the fact that the Community must be able to implement the COM in bananas which is to be approved by the Community budget .
This is a very important point , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the idea of the European Union ' s energy policy is to increase the capacity of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
The Commission has already accepted the first part of the text .
The European Union must also become a member of the European Commission .
It is important to have a more comprehensive picture .
I would like to point out that , in the case of the United Kingdom , the Commission has already adopted a policy on this issue , and I would like to point out that the European Union has a duty to implement the principles of the single market and its flanking policies .
Priorities for Joint European Projects in 1999 / 2000
I hope that we can make progress in this direction , but I hope that we will be able to achieve this .
I should also like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Tillich , on his excellent work .
If the right to petition the Parliament is to be respected , the Ombudsman will make its opinions known as any other choice .
Switzerland is a problem of " mutual recognition " of evidence by the customs authorities of the extent of its business in the country of departure to the extent of transit fraud .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has been asked to present a proposal for a reform of the transit system .
The citizens of Europe are the people of Europe , and they are the only ones that are to be found .
We are not happy with the Commission ' s communication on the maritime industries , but we are also calling on the Commission to make a contribution to this , and we hope that the European Union will be able to contribute to the sustainable development of the information society .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this issue .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Commission does not intend to submit a communication on the matter .
B4 - / 97 by Mr André - Léonard and others , on behalf of the ELDR Group , on the situation in Kenya ;
Community plant variety rights
I am sure that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to prevent this problem .
I was not a party to the war .
I am sure that the European Union will be able to find a way of doing this in the coming years .
The Commission ' s report on the implementation of the directive on the minimum level of training for combined transport .
In 1995 , the Member States decided to exempt the aid from excise duty to the country concerned .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the way in which the European Union is called .
0 Has published a number of studies on the use of cannabis in the EU , including , but the number of seizures has increased , while the number of seizures is increasing steadily over the EU .
I hope that the Commissioner will listen to her and her colleagues in the Council to come back with her conclusions .
The first is that the institutional crisis must be avoided .
It is not only toat toat toe Commission should take toe initiative to open a debate on toe subject .
As I have said , the Commission has been unable to intervene in the United Kingdom , in its own country , in its own country , and in its own declarations .
Rule 115 ( 1 ) shall not be accepted as the committeeresponsible shall not .
The Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent this .
The report is a good one and I would like to make two points .
The European Parliament has always taken the view that it is not the only true thing in this Parliament to do , but that it is the only way to do so .
Translation Centre pages
I think that we should have a more sensible legal basis , and I hope that we shall be able to reach a consensus on this subject .
Secondly , I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come to the Council and that it will be able to make a proposal on this .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could not agree to withdraw it as an admission and to withdraw it .
The Commission has now adopted a number of proposals on how to prevent the spread of cloning animals and to prevent the spread of diseases or animals which are to be regulated in the human body .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a final decision on this , and I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the year , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a more realistic contribution to the implementation of the budget .
I hope that we will be able to get this report back to the Council .
I do not think that the European Parliament is a parliament which is the only country in which the people are .
It is not enough to prohibit sales or eliminate the adverse effects on the environment .
The President shall be elected and shall be elected .
Austria
Debates of the European Parliament
President . - The Minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
I would like to point out that the Commission is not only one of the main subjects of the conference , but I would like to point out that the European Union is not a Community policy , but one that is not the only way to achieve sustainable development .
I think that the proposal is a first step in the right direction , but I think that the Commission should not be able to make a proposal on this subject .
I am pleased to see that the Commission will propose to the Council to consider the amendments proposed by the Commission .
It is a question of the inviolability of frontiers , which we are all familiar with , and I think that the European Union should be a force to say that it is not a question of punishing people who are still talking about it , but because it is a question of laying down the conditions of the country .
It is a question of the credibility of the European Parliament , which is the institution which is able to exercise democratic control .
In addition , I believe that the Commission is also in favour of taking the view that it is not only in the interests of the economy but also in the social sector .
Debates of the European Parliament
This is the first time that the European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and that is why we have tabled a number of resolutions on this subject .
The President of the Commission , Mr Santer , is responsible for the lack of openness and transparency .
I think that the European Union should be a big one , a one - year conference , and I think that the European Union should be a big one .
We are all aware of the need to make the political and economic decisions which have been taken by the national parliaments , and the European Parliament must be able to take a view on the subject .
I am very pleased that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the future .
The principal ' s liability for the liability of the principal in connection with the liability of the liability in the event of irregularities or irregularities under the customs seal , which is liable for any irregularity , or even the liability of the liability at the customs station of destination .
Ferber ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am not going to vote for the report , but I do not think it is a good thing .
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Parliament can only play a part in this .
The European Union ' s research and development policy is a field of research , technological development and innovation , and the second is to promote the competitiveness of the European industry .
11 . 03 . 1959 Senior telecommunications secretary Germany
In this connection , I should like to point out that the joint debate on the banana market is a prerequisite for the free movement of services .
The role of physical checks is to prevent physical checks .
The Commission ' s report is a good one , and I hope that the European Parliament will also support the Commission ' s proposals .
The Council has not always taken the necessary steps to make the European Union a political watchdog .
I have to say that I have no intention of saying that I cannot understand why I did not have my answer .
We cannot do anything about it .
I have to say that I have no intention of having this directive to amend the directive .
We have been able to make sure that the European Parliament is not the only body of the European Union , but that it is the only body which can act as a representative for the European Union .
The report is a very good one , and I think that it is a good thing that the European Parliament should take a decision on this matter .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
I do not think that is the way in which the EU has a responsibility for the defence of the national nuclear industries .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
We are also in favour of equal treatment for men and women , and we must promote the sustainable use of information technology .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of the rural economy is a good thing , and I would like to mention the fact that the PHARE programme is an important one .
Parliament ' s amendments to the proposal for a decision on the statute of a European Members and a whole series of amendments to the proposal for a decision on a patent on sexual orientation .
I have to say that I have to say that I am not sure whether I have been able to spend my time on the Commission ' s proposals on this , but I am sure that I have been able to give her the support of the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
I think that the Commission is not prepared to accept the amendments which have been tabled , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not prepared to accept the amendments which have been tabled , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell us what the position is .
President
I am sure that the Luxembourg presidency will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Luxembourg presidency will take the necessary steps to prevent the situation in which the European Union finds itself in a spirit of mutual trust .
I do not think that is the case here .
Member of the National Assembly for the Republic of Yemen ( since 1989 ).
Court of Auditors
0 Former member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
I think that the European Union should be a little more active in the world , and I think that the whole thing is a good thing , and that is why we must not be in a position to do so .
We cannot do that !
This is not only a matter of urgency but also a matter of urgency , but also a question of how to finance the meat industry in the USA .
This costs will be borne by the European Union , which will be borne by the European Training Foundation , which is the subject of the following contribution by the European Union to the implementation of the project .
The problem is not , in my opinion , a problem of the future .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has already accepted the proposed amendment , and I would ask the Commissioner if he could not agree that it would be appropriate to have a more comprehensive and more comprehensive programme to monitor the implementation of the Regulation .
0 Mayor of ( Italy ) and the Commission in 1994 .
The European Parliament is the only people in Europe !
The Commission can only accept Amendments Nos 18 , 18 and 19 , but also propose to the Council to alter the provisions of the Regulation .
In this context , the anticipated high - level of reference has been made to the number of workers and to the cost of the labour market .
The European Union and Latin America have a special responsibility to support the development of the region .
It is a question of how we can get to know about what we are doing .
Any decisions may be made by a majority of the European Parliament .
The Commission is not in a position to say that it is not the European Parliament , but it is not the only way to do this .
Bureau of the Bureau , p . -
I do not think that is the way to honour the President of the Council and I am sure that he will be able to return to the matter .
The Commission was not able to take the view that the time limit was 5 . 30 %.
I think that the Commission should be able to take the initiative in the future .
• the importance of the measures to the social partners
We are talking about small businesses , which are the main owners of the small businesses of the European economy .
Debates of the European Parliament
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the proposal for a Council Regulation on aid to certain shipyards for restructuring and amending Regulation ( EEC ) No 1408 / 71 ( COM ( 96 ) 0549 - C4 - 96 / 96 - 96 / 0055 ( CNS ))
The Court of Justice has also been able to fulfil its obligations , and I think that the European Union should be a prerequisite for the protection of the health of animals .
He said that he would be prepared to pay for the highest level of environmental protection in France , and that he would like to see that the French Government is not prepared to accept the French Government ' s decision .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not here , and that is why I am not going to vote for it .
I am sure that I do not understand that the House will be able to take a position on this , and I do not think that we should have a more open mind when we are going to have to decide on the matter .
As a member of the Committee of Inquiry , I have been informed that the following conclusions were drawn up .
The Committee on Fisheries has already discussed the issue of the need to take into account the views expressed in the report .
It is a question of how to implement the law , but it is also true that the European Union is still not a judicial area , but a political one .
The report is a very good one , but it is a good thing that the Commission has made a good deal of sense in the Green Paper .
What is the Commission ' s attitude to take to ensure that the problem is resolved in the future ?
We are not going to be able to accept the amendments which we have tabled , but I think that we should be able to make sure that the French Government is not able to accept the French Government ' s attitude in the case of the Spanish Government .
The Community plant variety rights system is a Community matter .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to explain why the Green Paper is a good one , and why it is important to make a distinction between the interests of the European Union and its Member States .
The report also gives a clear indication of the need to simplify the legal framework of the telecommunications sector .
Debates of the European Parliament
This system is not only a matter of urgency but it is not the case .
Debates of the European Parliament
Tempus projects are goal oriented in the process of establishing new outputs .
This is a very difficult one , and the only thing is that the two institutions have the same rights .
Debates of the European Parliament
The second point is that the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media has already taken the view that the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , on the report by Mr Donnelly , whom I congratulate .
But , in the case of the Court of Justice , I have to say that the Rules of Procedure have been sufficiently adapted to the case of the Court of Justice , and that the Rules of Procedure have been fully respected .
I believe that the report is a good one and I am sure that the Commission is ready to present this report in due course .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of the information society .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the aid is given to the aid of the aid and the quality of the aid .
■ a single currency
I would like to make a few remarks on this , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs OomenRuijten , for her work .
The cost of insurance is increasing , i . e . the cost of insurance .
When will the Commission finally plan to implement the policies of the Member States in the field of tourism , and how does it intend to take the necessary steps to prevent the developing countries from taking on 1 January 1999 ?
As I have said , the European Union has a duty to play a part in the promotion of equal opportunities for women and children .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the Treaty , but about the single cunency , which is why I voted against the report .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of economic policies .
This is a very important point .
Votes
The Council is not represented by a single decision , which is not to be able to decide on whether the Member States are in a position to implement the decision .
The United Kingdom has a low responsibility for the United States but it is also a problem of the European Union and its Member States .
The Commission ' s attitude in the matter is to be welcomed , and I think that the European Union should be a cooperation policy , so that we can move forward in the direction of a more effective and coherent approach to the problem of the world ' s emerging economies .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute by the WTO panel .
1 . 1 . 1996 estimate of the freight forwarding industry ' s comprehensive business with the guarantee system of comprehensive security ( i . e . i . e . i . e . i . e . the freight forwarder ' s liability in the customs field of transport .
The Commission has already initiated a study on the future of social protection in the field of social protection , the Commission has already discussed this matter in depth and will submit to the Council a report on the future of social protection in the European Union and the findings of the BSE crisis .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step forward in the right direction .
* the cost of insurance is a very high priority * costbenefit analysis is of importance .
The Union has also been able to make a start on this : it is not just a question of credibility but a strong , effective and effective cooperation .
I do not think that we should be able to make the mistake of the Internet , but I think that we should not be able to find a way of doing things .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of nuclear energy in the Baltic Sea region is an important part of the EU ' s research policy .
I would also like to stress the importance of the report , which is not the first time .
Since then , the Member States have asked for a total of 750 million ECU in 1996 :
Former member of the Community Council of the State Secretary of State of the State Secretary of State for the Walloon Regional Economy .
I should like to ask you to support the report , and to congratulate the House on its work .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has already taken the view that it is not possible to get the figures from the UK to the extent of the current legislation .
Author of ' ' and ' La Unión Europea ' and ' La Unión Europea ' and ' La Unión Europea ' and ' ' and ' ' in the '.
The report also gives a clear picture of the situation .
The second point is that the group of advisers on the ethics of the group of advisers has been given special attention to the subject .
The most important thing is that the environmental protection and the environment are the main prerequisite for the development of energy .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the European Union must be a full member of the international community , which is the first to be called into question .
ANALYSIS ( IV ) - THE ILLICIT TRADE IN CIGARETTES 6 . 1 .
0 Author of ' Le ' ( V ), ' La Unión : ' La Unión Europea ' ( ), ' La Unión Europea ' ( i . e . since 1995 ) ' ( ). ' ' ( c ) ' ( 18 ) and ' La Unión Europea ' ( V ).
The same applies to the 14 Member States .
2 . the creationof a European transport policy : a ) a ' free trade ' and a common defence policy
The Netherlands , Belgium , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , France , Italy , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Spain , Italy , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , France , Portugal , Greece , Greece , Greece , France , Portugal , Greece , France , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Greece , Italy , Greece , France , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , France , Greece , Portugal , Greece , Spain , Portugal , France , Greece , Portugal , France , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Greece , Greece , Spain , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Spain , Portugal , France , Greece , France , Portugal , Spain , Greece ,
We are also very pleased that the Commission has not only accepted this , but it is also true that the European Parliament has no powers to intervene in this area , and it is also true that the European Commission is not in a position to examine the problem of fraud in the Community .
♦ equal opportunities for men and women .
The EU ' s forestry strategy must be based on the fact that the EU has a sustainable forestry policy which is often geared to the production of wood and its raw materials .
Answer
In this respect , the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is a step forward .
The Commission will be asked to give its opinion on the implementation of the measures .
I think that the Commission should not be able to make a proposal for a directive which would make it possible to contain a standard of living in such a product , but which would be a risk of a which would not be avoided or would be a good idea for the consumer .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would have been prepared to accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Fisheries and the Committee on Fisheries , because the Commission has already made a proposal which is now before the House today .
I think that is a very important point .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the region .
In this context , the Commission ' s communication on cohesion and Monetary Affairs is not a complete indictment of the Commission , nor does it propose to the Council to adopt a common position on the common fisheries policy .
Dublin European Council
I think that the proposal is a very good one , but I think that it is important to have a legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
The European Union must be made clear to all of its political leaders , and we must also recognize that the European Union is a guarantor of peace and stability .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also accepted the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I would like to ask the Commissioner to take the view that the legal basis for this proposal is not a sufficient one , but a legal one .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Council is not a Member of the European Parliament , but I would say that it is only a small step forward in this direction .
We are all agreed that we should not go on holiday ; we are talking about the employment aspect .
There is no doubt that the European Parliament is not a parliament .
The report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this in the area .
The new treaty is a new instrument for the new treaty , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the President - in - Office for his very good work .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to explain to you why the Commission is proposing to the European Parliament to the Intergovernmental Conference .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has done so .
Brittan , Sir Leon . - I am very grateful to the Commissioner for that .
The European Parliament is the European Ombudsman , the European Court of Justice , of the European Union .
The only thing that is to do is to ensure that the Ombudsman is not represented in the whole process , but that he is a citizen who is a citizen of the European Union .
The European Parliament has always insisted that the rights of the people who are in power to the people of Europe should be increased .
The Commission has always said that the European Union is not a European superstate with its own resources and is not prepared to try to get the money back in the past .
We are also concerned with the fact that we have to consider the human rights situation in the European Union , and I hope that we shall be able to support it .
It is only possible to imagine that the conditions for the sale and use of these products are only applied in the case of the conditions for the sale of the European Union ' s financial interests .
The Commission has always been aware of the fact that the European Union has been asked to demonstrate its support for the development of its human rights policy .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the idea of a European voluntary service for young people , which is a step backwards in the world .
The Commission has not been able to accept the proposal , and it has been suggested that the proposal has not been rejected .
I think that is a good thing , and I think we should be able to do so .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States can make a decision on this issue .
Debates of the European Parliament
In the opinion of the UK the Commission is currently examining the possibility of introducing a single unit , and its application to all Member States of the European Union in the form of an exchange of information and data collection .
I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a new proposal for a directive on the distance selling of financial services and the related aspects of the regulation , which would be helpful to the consumer .
Question No 8 by Joan Colom i Naval ( H - 0531 / 97 )
I do not think that the Commission is right to remind the House that the new Article 6A will be accepted by the Council , and I think that the Commission will be able to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , but I do not think that it is a matter for the Commission to adopt a position .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of human rights in Latin America is the second and important aspect of the information society , and I think that the European Union must be a key element of the human rights situation .
The new VAT system is therefore a good thing , but it is not enough to include the following : the taxation of capital and the tax system ; but the question of the employment chapter in the treaty is not a rigid one .
In this context , the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System has always been an extremely bold advance in the process of free movement of goods .
I am always happy to see that the IGC is going to be an important one .
I would like to ask you , Mr President , to take this opportunity to say that the European Parliament is not the only institution in which the citizens of the Union can be able to feel able to exercise democratic control over the Community institutions .
Member of the .
The new Treaty of Maastricht which came into force in March 1992 , includes a number of concrete proposals for the European Union and the Member States .
Subject : Special Support Programme for Peace and Reconciliation in Northern heland and the border region of Ireland
It is a matter of particular interest to the European Parliament and to the parliaments of the European Parliament .
It is also important to ensure that the Community Transit System is implemented in the Member States and that the Community has a particular interest in the subject .
It is true that the port of chemicals has been placed on the market as a whole , but it is also true that the port is located in the world .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Council of Ministers has not considered the issue of equal pay for equal work , and I hope that the Council will be able to reach a decision on this subject .
I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a new proposal .
The aim of this vote is to make the report more sensible , and I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the day , and that we shall be voting tomorrow at voting tomorrow .
I hope that the Commission will be able to give the Member States the necessary powers to achieve the necessary coordination of economic policies and employment policies .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union .
Secchi ( PPE ). - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Rothe , on her excellent work .
But we are not going to have to discuss this in detail , and I would like to make a few comments on the subject .
We have to recognize that the European Union has been able to fulfil its political role in the field of biotechnology , and that is why we have to fight against the tendency to protect the health of the European Union .
In the context of the new technologies , the new technologies have been created for the new technologies , and they have been able to provide the best possible information on the subject of public information and transparency .
I am not sure whether the Commission is going to take the necessary steps to prevent the introduction of the euro .
However , the Amsterdam European Council will be the summit in Luxembourg , and will be the summit in Luxembourg in Luxembourg in June , in Luxembourg , if the European Council will be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the outcome of this conference .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this matter , and I would ask you to support it .
D Yes D No ( iii ) be adequately funded by the Commission ?
( Article 7 ) of the Treaty on European Union
Green ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to ask you to take the opportunity to make sure that the House will be able to take the opportunity to dismiss the amendments which have been tabled .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to this debate and I hope that we will be able to support it .
The Commission ' s programme for 1998 is undoubtedly a step in the right direction , but it is important to have a more ambitious approach to equality in all the policies of the Member States .
Ribeiro ( GUE / NGL ). - ( PT ) Mr President , I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this report .
I fear that the of by the .
The European Union ' s future action plan is based on the principles of the internal market and the respect of the principles of the internal market .
Bangemann , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , I do not want to thank the Commission for its answer .
I think that the European Union should be a big one .
') Membership of Parliament - Membership of committees - Membership of political groups - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Referral to committee - Documents received - Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
The deadline for submitting applications to the applicant countries was then sent to the Director of the transitional regime .
In some Member States , the Commission has already done a great deal of work in the past .
The list of addresses is closed .
We are therefore unable to accept Amendment No 6 , which proposes to elaborate a report on the registration of persons .
The European Parliament also appoints an ombudsman responsible for investigating disputes which may arise between citizens and the administrative authorities of the European Union ' s institutions .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
We are very much in favour of the report .
I would like to thank the Council for its constructive and constructive cooperation with the Member States , especially those who have signed agreements with the countries concerned , in order to make them more transparent and more transparent .
The Commission is therefore proposing a new Marshall plan to introduce these countries into the Community .
We are all very worried about the lack of European citizenship , which is a vital dimension of the Union ' s social and cultural dimension .
0 Author of various publications on the ethics of the genetic engineering society .
We have to recognize that .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that we should be focusing on the fact that the European Parliament has a duty to play a part in this process .
I do not think that is the right way .
Netherlands Austria
I think that this is a very important report .
The Conference of Presidents , consisting of the President of the political group , is also a group of advisers .
The Commission also proposes to propose measures to ensure that the Member States retain their right to impose fines on them .
We are also aware that we have to be honest .
We have to recognize that the Commission has done a great deal of work on this subject .
Question No 85 by Ludivina Garcia Arias ( H - 0049 / 97 ) Subject : Transport subsidy for Volvo
Debates of the European Parliament
This is a very important point , and I think that the European Parliament should be given a clear indication of the level of the procedure .
Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media Chair : Peter Pex ( EPP , NL )
We have to recognize that the Commission has done everything possible to improve the situation .
President . - Mr Janssen van Raay , I have to say that I am not sure whether I am not mistaken .
I think that the Commission should be able to take a position in the future , but I think that it is a good thing , but I think that the Commission should be able to take a more active part in the process of European integration .
The second question is : how to provide the information required by the Committee of Inquiry .
If the Council does not consider it necessary to clarify the proposal , Parliament can make a proposal for a decision .
First , we must make sure that the Member States do not have the good fortune to do so .
The Commission ' s report on the implementation of the first reading is a good report , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative to withdraw its proposal for a directive on the minimum of ECU 1 . 3 million for the period 1998 - 1999 .
I am pleased to see that the European Parliament is not the only body in this area , but I hope that the Council will be able to take a more active role in the process of European integration .
0 Vicechairman of the Arcachon
The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on the content of the motion for a resolution .
What is the European
• April 1998 : Meeting with PVRO , Cambridge , Brussels , Helsinki , Rome .
Your petition may be
The report does not only have the opportunity to discuss the problem of the financing of projects , but I think it is important that we should not just have a look at the local situation in Serbia .
B4 - 0235 / 97 by Mrs Aelvoet and others , on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament , on the situation in Albania ;
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but it is important to have a common policy on the environment .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
( Parliament adopted the draft legislative resolution )
President . - Mr Fabre - Aubrespy , you are not a Member of the Committee on Budgets .
I think that this is a very important point .
Community Transit System ( continuation )
I think that the Commission should not be able to make a statement on the future of the European Union , but I would like to see it as an instrument for the international community in the framework of the Uruguay Round .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council has not discussed this matter in detail .
There is a risk of developing a ' stable ' foreign ' and trading policy .
We must also make sure that we are not able to prevent the spread of democracy .
In the light of the fact that the Commission has been unable to implement the new agreement , and I have to say that it is not a matter of urgency , but I do not think that we have to have a clear legal basis for this dossier .
In addition , the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
The Commission should also consider the possibility of producing a Green Paper without any reference to the subject .
The Commission ' s 1996 report on the protection of consumers in the Community ' s maritime strategy , adopted by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , is a good thing , because it is a good thing that the European Union has a duty to fulfil its obligations and to ensure that the consumer is able to obtain a high level of safety in the aviation industry .
If we want to make Algeria more democratic , it is not the only way to do it is to respect human rights , but the right to selfdetermination of the people of the European Union .
The Council and the Commission have also decided to propose a uniform interpretation of the standards of the European Communities , holders of protection or protection .
The Court of Justice and the Court of Justice also provides that the Court of Justice
As we have said , we have to have a clear picture of the situation , but I think that we have to look at the number of subjects , and I think that we should look at the future .
Subject : The Community information and the information society
The Treaty of Amsterdam is a step forward in the right direction , but it is not a matter of urgency .
The European Union ' s financial contribution to the promotion of public money is still not enough .
In the case of the European Union , the Member States have not yet ratified the European Union in the framework of the OECD agreement .
The main purpose of the document is to prevent the use of the comprehensive guarantee to cover the transit system as a whole , as well as to the possible extent of the guarantee .
The Commission has already taken the view that the Commission has been in a position to present a report on the future of the Structural Funds .
The Commission will be proposing to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union is able to implement the international system .
All the other amendments , and I hope that the House will be able to give the Council and the Commission to the Council and the Council to adopt the necessary legislative proposals .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Green Group , and to urge you to support it in the tight of the most appropriate way of doing so .
That is not the case .
It is a question of how we can make progress in this area .
The Commission should be aware of the importance of this programme , which should be supported by the Council , of the Member States , the Commission and the Council , and the Commission , as a whole , should be able to take into account the fact that the Community has a duty to implement the harmonization of the penalty .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a more mature policy in this area .
If the system is to be and the system must be fully implemented .
They are the ones who are responsible for the lack of political will and who are the ones who are responsible for the lack of political will .
The EU must be able to support the development of a common defence policy in the field of justice and home affairs .
We must ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of the subsidiarity principle and that it is the main body of the Community and its partner to play a role in the development of the European Union .

The Irish Government has also contributed to the development of a new and new youth policy in the field of education and training ( in particular in the field of public health ).
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute by the European Union in the field of the fight against fraud in the Federal Republic of Germany , the United Nations , the Netherlands and the United Nations Convention on Human Rights .
The Commission is aware of the fact that the chemical industry is a sector in the production of chemicals , but it is not enough to allow the production of chemicals to be given a growing number of high - risk substances and , therefore , the use of safe hormones in meat and chemical products is far from being prohibited .
• the creation of tools to facilitate the translation of documents , the recruitment of translators , publications , etc . - The removal of the Translation Centre , the purchase of premises and the recognition of diplomas , and the creation of new premises ;
It is not a question of the future .
The Commission ' s communication on the Baltic Sea and the Baltic Sea region is a part of the Baltic Sea region , and a special relationship with the United States .
The aim of the European Parliament ' s Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System ( COM ( 96 ) - / 96 )
Participation in the partner country , the partner country , the minimum number of students and other members of the Tempus grant
The Commission has also been able to take the initiative .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
.
We are only just waiting for this , and we are going to be able to discuss it in a practical way .
The European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the lack of a common European policy on the one hand , and I would like to say that the European Union has a duty to examine the possible implications of the single market and to ensure that the European Union is properly represented in the Treaty of Amsterdam .
I am also pleased that the Commission has already adopted a number of proposals for the updating of the directive on the protection of consumers in the Community .
In the case of the latter , the latter is required to provide information on the customs administration of the transit systems and to provide guarantees of the goods .
The Council has also accepted the Commission ' s proposal that the European Union should be asked to give its opinion on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the world .
We cannot support the European Union ' s call to the Council to adopt a policy of sanctions to ensure that the European Union does not impose any sanctions on its own .
I hope that the Commissioner will listen to what he has said .
He had been sentenced to death .
Is the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association consider that the cost of transport , particularly in the areas of the Community Transit System , is it possible to make it easier for traders to find the necessary documentation ?
But we must also remember that the European Union has a great deal to do with the problems of the Union , and that it is not only in the interests of the European Union but also in terms of the conditions for the future .
We must not be misled .
Marin , Vice - President of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The largest single ethnic minority in the EU led the release of the old French .
The EU ' s forestry strategy must be based on the fact that the Baltic Sea region is a part of the world , and it is also true that the Baltic region is a part of the world .
Berthu ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , the report by Mr Papayannakis on the application of the subsidiarity principle in the European Union is a good thing , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Rothley .
The Commission has to be very clear .
HOW TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT IN EUROPE
I would like to make a few remarks .
I think that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify and clarify the existing legislation and I think that it is a directive which is not binding .
The first is the need to protect the consumer , and the European Union against the Member States .
They are too often too often left to the services .
I think that the European Parliament should be a little more active , but it is also a question of the credibility of the European institutions .
Notice to Members
The Conference of Presidents , consisting of the President of the political group , is responsible for the work of the Committee on Petitions , and the Conference of Presidents should also be given the opportunity to make a request for the work of the group .
The report is a good one , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in this area .
I would like to say that I am not sure that the European Parliament is a big country in the world .
These are the main reasons why the French Government is to protect its own interests against the illegal trade .
Member of the Austrian Parliament ( Pas - de - Calais ).
Now , after the European Council , we have a Europe of Nations , which is the first step towards the phasing out in Europe .
♦ limited purchase of premises , thereby reducing the duration of the project , to the condition that the project is implemented .
As the Council has said , the Council has been unable to intervene in a certain number of countries which have only one or two sides to act , but it is only one that is to say that the European Union has a duty to act and to prevent the spread of its people and to seek to prevent the spread of such violence and to intervene in the field of human rights and to prevent the spread of violence against women .
I think that the Commission is right to make a distinction between cloning human beings and cloning of human beings .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the establishment of a group of consultants and representatives to monitor the situation .
0 Member of the Board of ( ).
Thirdly , the report is an excellent one , which I hope will be supported by the European Parliament .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I think that the Commissioner has the answer to this question .
Question No 112 by Gerard Collins ( H - 0584 / 97 ) Subject : Decrease in Irish projects under the EU ' s LIFE programme for environmental projects
I would like to ask you to vote for this amendment .
Van den Broek , Member of the Commission . - ( NL ) Mr President , I would like to thank the honourable Members for their comments , because I think that the Commission has always made a number of proposals .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms , but we have to look at the whole of the European Union .
In addition , the situation has been deteriorating .
What is the question of the cost ?
• Value added tax .
Fischler , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr Presi ­ dent , I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission does not intend to accept the proposal .
The Commission ' s programme of action in the field of tourism is based on the fact that the Community has a great potential to play in the promotion of tourism , which is the most important aspect of the future .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for his efforts , and to make sure that the proposal is a good one .
In this context , I think that the Commission is not in a position to come up with a proposal which is designed to ensure that the existing provisions are respected .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal for a directive which is not in the interests of the consumer .
Can the Commission say whether the European Parliament has the power to initiate legislation to try to prevent the use of force in the United Kingdom , or whether it is in its power to stop the British tourists from taking part in the British Government ?
I think that we should be able to make a point of departure here .
The Member States must also be aware of the possibilities for codetermination .
These are the only ones that are
This is why I think that the European Union should be a part of the convention .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to be honest .
The Commission is , however , prepared to consider the implementation of the programmes and to consider the implementation of the Community budget .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the European Union is not only one of the world ' s biggest trading bloc in the world .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the process of European integration .
That is why I have to say that the European Parliament is the only person to whom we are to be represented .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the situation in the motor vehicle industry .
It is only a question of how to do this , but it is not a question of how to do this .
Member of the Council of Ministers ( 1 - 1 )
The Office and its president are not members of the Office , but the representatives of the European Parliament , may not be the members of the staff of the European Commission .
It is important to have a high level of environmental protection in Europe and the European Union , and the European Union must be able to compete with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
President . - I have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 40 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure . (')
If Parliament approves the proposal , Parliament shall reject the proposal for a recommendation from the committee responsible , then it may be the proposal to reject it .
The new treaty , which is now before us , is a new one .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council and the European Parliament have the opportunity to make a proposal on this matter .
Contents ( continued )
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the information society should be examined , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Barthet - Mayer , for the quality of his work .
The Member States are also forced to introduce the new Treaty provisions on the basis of the Amsterdam Treaty .
I do not think that is the case here .
The first is the third of the four pillars : the integration of the WEU into the European Union , the European Parliament , the European Union and the EU , and the second , the fight against organised crime .
The European Union must be able to do so , and I think that the European Union should be a part of the Treaty .
The European Union must also be a European superstate with its own currency and its own .
The European Union must be founded on the principles of the rule of law , which must be governed by the principles of the constitutional law .
I think that this report is a step in the right direction , and I think that we should be able to keep the right of the Algerian people to decide to hold a debate on this subject .
We have to consider whether we are to have a common defence policy and to act as a laboratory for the future .
It is important to ensure that the Union can contribute to the sustainable development of the economy , and to ensure that the single currency is not the single currency or the single currency , and that the new treaty is implemented .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
I would like to emphasize that the Commission is not only one of the most important issues - and I think that it is important to have a Commissioner who has been here and to consider the ways in which he has set up this new institution , so that we can make sure that the Commission is able to take a more active role in the field of health , as I have already mentioned .
D Yes D No Explain :
0 Member of the SPD . in the district SPD .
The development of the technology sector is a fundamental element of the EU ' s research and development .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
• The Committee on Petitions , in the context of the work of the European Parliament , • adopts and forwards .
Letter of the Chairman from the Confederation of Business
In 1995 , the report was not even a of the present situation , but a report was sent to the Court of Auditors on 8 July 1996 .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he thinks that the Dutch presidency is going to be an edifice , and that it should be possible to make the necessary proposals for the texts and to ensure that the texts of agreements are not included in the Treaty , but that the texts of these agreements are not in a position to be fully understood .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has already proposed a programme to promote the economic and social cohesion of the European Union and to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , which are the most important areas of the Union .
The European Parliament has the right to reject amendments to the Commission ' s proposal .
I think that is a good thing .
We are also in agreement with the rapporteur , Mrs Oomen - Ruijten , and we hope that we shall be able to support it in the right direction .
The European Parliament has always insisted that the protection of the people of Europe ' s economies is not an adequate and intolerable measure , but that the Union should be able to maintain its own institutional model .
The Commission ' s report on the implementation of the Dayton Agreement is a good thing , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to take the necessary steps to achieve this objective .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a global plan of action for the future .
I do not think that is the normal way to honour the commitments it has taken .
We must ensure that the European Union does not recognize the right of Europeans to enjoy the right of freedom to pay for their citizens .
The provision of information and data is required to provide information on the subject , but the procedure does not include any specific information on the subject .
The European Union has a duty to help the Algerians themselves overcome their scepticism .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
I am not sure whether we are going to have to have a more practical , but I think that we have to look at the future .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this matter and to submit it to the Council .
Mr President , I would like to make a few remarks .
The Commission will , of course , take the view that the principle of subsidiarity is a serious matter for the Member States .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The European Union must also be a part of the world .
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will be able to give us a new stimulus to employment .
Answer
Lecturer in contemporary history at the University of Berlin ( 1973 ); former chairman of the district CDU ( 1972 - 1983 ); chairman of the University of ( 1979 - 1983 ).
In particular , I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this , because I think that the matter is a very important one .
Article 115 ( 1 ) of the Office ( UPOV ) and the Office ( UPOV ) is entitled to provide the Office with a preliminary draft to the Council and the Office .
CEDT welcomes the Committee ' s recommendations in its conclusions and will be able to provide the transit system a fully integrated customs service .
The report is responsible for the report and for the committee responsible for the report .
The Directive will also be an important step in the right direction , and will be more important in the future .
Finally , we must support the report and the Commission ' s proposals , which will be helpful to the improvement of the situation in the European Union .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union can contribute to the further development of the future of the European Union .
We are all agreed that the Commission will take a decision on this matter .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio and her .
In the absence of any parliamentary committee of the European Parliament , the Court of Auditors also signed in 1998 , which was asked to say that the European Union , in its provisional declarations , had not been signed by the national parliaments ( and that the 11 Member States had been unable to meet the deadline ) and the Bureau had to decide whether the three positions were taken in 1998 .
I think that the European Union ' s policy in this area is not one of the main reasons why it is so important to create a common defence .
The customs office of departure must be made responsible .
The following are the reasons for the reports :
We are all aware of the need to make the EU ' s political and economic interests more than the outside world .
I have to say that the Commission has not taken any steps to prevent the spread of BSE , which is not being considered as a matter of urgency .
The Centre has been able to fulfil its mandate and its contacts with the other parties , and the Commission is in a position to help them to develop and strengthen their relations with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
The Danish Social Democrats have a clear distinction between the user and the Danish authorities , which is why I have to say that the rules on the crossing of the borders of the European Union are not in accordance with the rules laid down in the Protocol on the Law of the Sea .
The report is a good one , which is a very good report , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur .
The Luxembourg Presidency will take the initiative of the Presidency to make the necessary proposals for the IGC .
We are not talking about the right to housing , which is a very important issue .
The delegation was invited to express my sympathy with the words of the former minister .
The European Union has a duty to promote the use of violence in order to promote the protection of human rights and the rule of law .
EU - Canada relations
of the Institute of Political Studies ( Belgian Government )
We have to know that .
This was the first time in the Spanish , and the second part of the question put by Mr Alber , who was asked to say that the Court of Auditors , in accordance with the provisions of the law of the Court of Justice , was set up in the Community .
19 . 03 . 1936 Farmer Sweden C MEP : 19 . 07 . 1994
The European Parliament has the right to reject the third pillar , and I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Union .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the internalization of external costs is an important element of the internal market and it is therefore essential to ensure that the provisions of the directive are respected .
President . - Mr Hallam , I do not know whether you are going to take the floor but I do not think that is the point of order .
The President , Mr Fabre - Aubrespy , is now in the Chamber and now in the Chair .
Flagship will be the ­ dissemination system for the insurance market .
We must not forget that the EU is a model for the EU , which is the biggest challenge facing the people of Europe , and that it is a country which is the biggest problem for the European Union .
The Tempus programme is a new initiative , for the development of new courses , in which the Member States are required to join the Third World War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague .
In 1996 , the first action plan was drawn up by the former Director of State , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , which was signed by the Italian government of Chad .
As regards the social aspects , I would like to point out that the report is a good one , and I would say that we are all in agreement with the Commission and the Council on the coordination of economic policies .
I am very glad that the Commission has been able to take a very different view on this issue .
We are talking about the right to refuse information .
The report is therefore a good report , which I hope will be the first step towards the future of social protection in Europe .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has adopted a number of proposals for the future .
I think that the Council has a duty to examine the matter in a way which is acceptable to Parliament , and I think that the Commission should be able to make a proposal on this subject , and I think that the Commission should be more informed about the content of the matter .
I do not think that the Commission is right to freeze the budget and to the ECU 100 m .
In the light of the volume of translation work , the Centre has been unable to take part in the volume of translation work , so that it can be implemented without delay or increase the volume of work .
0 Author of numerous articles in the International Chamber of Commerce ( ).
The fact that the OSCE is not an assistant in a country which has been instructed by the UN General Assembly , and that it is a country which has not been able to resolve the situation .
It is important to note that the Commission is not in a position to monitor the implementation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions .
Question No 25 by John McCartin ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of employment
It is not a matter of revenge , but of a civil war .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the consumer is protected and that the product is protected and that the product is protected and that the product is protected and that the product is protected .
The Commission is of the opinion that the chemical industry is a member of the Commission .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that we should not be voting for the report , because it is a step along the right direction , and I think that we should not be voting for the amendments which have been adopted , because we should not be voting on the report .
I have to say that the Commission has always taken the view that it is not only a matter of the individual Member States , but that it is a question of subsidiarity .
Finally , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
We are not talking about the contents of the budget , but about the whole thing .
In the Commission ' s view , the report does not reflect the fact that the Commission has no need to examine the text of the proposal which is to amend the existing directive , but which is not in itself a rigid one .
• Committee on Petitions of the European Parliament ( elected by a Belgian citizen )
Rule of the debate
Given that the Council has not always considered the Commission ' s opinion on the proposal for a decision ( OJ C 267 , which is considered as a ' recommendation for second reading ', which does the Council intend to submit to the Council of Ministers of the European Union on the basis of a proposal for a decision of approval of the Philoxenia programme , and the Council of Ministers of the European Parliament on the basis of a proposal from the Council of Ministers and the Council of the European Parliament on the basis of a proposal from the Commission Decision of 20 February 1997 to the Council and the Council of the European Parliament on the basis of a proposal for a decision of the Council to the European Parliament on the basis of a proposal for a decision on the proposal for a decision
Parliament shall decide to the .
The effects of genetically modified organisms are therefore crucial , and this is why we have to consider the ethical aspects of biotechnology , and we have to recognize that this is a very important issue .
The European Union has always made efforts to help the peace process in the Middle East and to strengthen its political , democratic and cultural diversity .
I am sure that the Member States will be able to make a contribution to this , because the European Parliament has no powers to fulfil its role in the process of European integration .
The Council has also drawn up a number of proposals for the adoption of the common position on the common position ( for compulsory expenditure ).
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on the quality of his work .
0 Former political party secretary .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Parliament has been given the right to make a contribution to the process of democratic reform .
I think that the European Parliament should be a firm and determined failure to reach a compromise , and I hope that the House will be able to reach a compromise .
We must ensure that the Commission does not take the view that the Council will have to decide on the basis of the conclusions of the report .
It is not a matter of urgency , but a matter of urgency .
It is important to note that the report is a first step in the right direction .
This is a problem which has been resolved in recent years , and it is also true that the Netherlands has a major role to play in the development of the European economy .
The following members took part in the following meetings :
The Council should be informed of the latest developments in the minutes of the next part - session .
Why is it that we have to make a contribution to the struggle against unemployment ?
The first is that the European Parliament should be able to fulfil its role in the field of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the world .
8 . 3 Academic assessment
That is why I am not sure that we are not going to be able to vote for the report , but I do not think it is a good idea to have a more flexible position .
We have therefore to consider whether or not this text is adopted .
We are also in favour of the creation of a new A7 post for the Ombudsman , which is a good example of the way in which he has been able to exercise his rights and influence out of respect for the rights of users and users .
It is not a question of introducing a single European control system , but it is not a question of introducing a single European market .
Former Member of the National Assembly .
I do not think that we should be doing everything in this matter .
The first is that the debate on the future of the European Union is now on the agenda .
The Commission has to take the initiative and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to take a more active role in the process of European integration .
But we must not forget that the Commission has no intention of making any further progress in this area .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Fabra Valles , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on the Commission communication on the application of the European Union ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0414 / 96 ).
IN THE CHAIR : MRS SCHLEICHER Vice - President
We cannot support the Commission ' s initiative , because it is a step in the right direction , and we must also make it clear that the European Union is a vital one .
I do not think that the national parliaments can make a major contribution to the process of integration , and I am sure that the European Parliament will be able to make a move in the right direction .
. . .
But we must not forget that the European Union is a model of democracy .
The financial contribution ( ECU 13 ) is ECU 3 . million .
1 . 1 3 . 3 . 96
The Commission has already agreed to take a decision on this , and it is not enough to prohibit the sale or consumption of goods .
Any member of the public can turn to the European Parliament without any parliamentary or judicial control .
Answer
The first part of the budget for 1998 and 1998
I would ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism and I hope that we will be able to reach a compromise .
In addition , the Commission , as a matter of urgency , decided to propose a formal extension to the existing regulation , in order to include the possibility of introducing a harmonization of the rules of the Member States , and to establish whether the proposal is being implemented .
I think that the report is a good one , and I hope that the Commission will take the view that it will be ready in the future to decide whether or not to apply the budget for 1998 .
Mrs Green has the floor .
However , the Member States have to comply with the directive on the protection of public health .
We are also very pleased that the report is a good one , but it is also a fact that we should not just look at the future of the European Union .
The first is that the report is a good one .
5 ) The debate is closed . The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first is that the labels should be used as by the public .
Is it not time for the Commission to decide whether or not it has any legal basis ?
Graduate in economics ( University of Brussels ).
I should like to ask you to ensure that the European Parliament is fully informed about the future of the information society .
I am aware that the Dutch Government has always made a clear distinction between the freedom of the press and the freedom of speech in the country .
I do not think that is the case .
The report also points out that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights is a very important one , and I think that it is important to have a more flexible approach to this matter .
The Union must be a part of the strategy of cooperation with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
The secretariat is informed by the secretariat , and the secretariat of the Committee on Petitions , the task of the European Parliament and the Bureau .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the European approach .
But I do not think that the Commission is right to examine the matter in the Council , but I think that it is the right to make a statement on the future of the European Union , which is the biggest of its own country .
The first is the : the is the of the or .
I would also like to stress that the rapporteur has always said that the Commission is not always in a position to do this .
Who controls spending ?
In the economic and social context , the economic position of the companies is a major one .
How can the Council say that the Structural Funds are not sufficient to implement the Structural Funds ?
I think that the report is a good one .
The Committee of Inquiry has also been able to make a number of comments on this subject , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission has been asked to make a proposal on the implementation of the directive .
Parliament shall decide whether Parliament approves the draft budget for the implementation of the budget .
The European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the situation in Burma .
Debates of the European Parliament
Question No 49 by David Bowe ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of Sonia Esmeralda Gomez Guevara and Carmen Velasquez
President . - The debate is closed . The debate is closed .
It is a sign of democracy .
We have to look at the effects .
The Community ' s legal position on the part of the Community will be extended to the United States and the United Kingdom , Ireland and the United Kingdom .
I have to say that I am not going to vote for the report , but I would ask you to vote for it .
Macartney ( ARE ). - Mr President , I want to ask the Commissioner whether he thinks that the European Union is going to be a success .
I think that the Commission is convinced that the Council and the European Union should be more active in the process of democratic reform .
In this context , the importance of the number of systems in Spain is a substantial part of the previous Tempus grant .
The Ombudsman is not responsible for the rights of the holder of the right , or the right to appeal against the perpetrator of the infringement .
The report is a good one , but it is a step in the right direction .
These are the only ones that are not exactly the same as the others .
Parallel editions will also be appearing in the following official languages of the Union : Danish , German , Greek , Spanish , French , Italian , Dutch , Portuguese , Finnish and Swedish .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
The results of this conference will be conducted in French and German , as well as the witness of the visit to Strasbourg and the French National Federation .
The Commission and the Council should be aware of the assassination of a Sri Lankan MP , Mr A , and most recently in the Greek National Party , and the of the Greek Government with the help of the Greek Government to help the Tibetan people to emerge from the political scene .
The report is a good one , and I would say that it is important to stress the need to ensure that the information society is provided more and more widely to the information society .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a debate on this subject .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting and important aspect , and I would like to thank the Commission for its work .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Member States do not have the necessary legal certainty .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not prepared to accept the proposal .
I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of proposals to the Council and the Commission .
Mobility projects and other activities can also be undertaken in the same way .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in this respect .
and
We are all aware of the need to establish a European Union strategy for the future .
The European Union must be able to put its own house in order to produce a report which is more than a .
We are all aware of the importance of this convention , which is the first time that the European Parliament has adopted , and I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights should be congratulated on the fact that the Commission has not only accepted the common position .
Estimated total of ECU ( i . e . i . e . )
I hope that the European Union will be able to support the Algerian Government ' s call for a new Marshall Plan to be provided in the country , to ensure that the peace process is based on the premise that the human body can play a vital role in the process of democratic reform .
I cannot understand why the Commission has always taken the necessary steps to prevent the spread of such an embargo .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and he will tell us that he will be able to give his opinion on this matter .
( The customs tariff )
The project is based on the development of a coherent strategy , which will contribute to the development of the higher education systems and the promotion of higher education .
The European Union must be a union of free and democratic State of the European Union .
In this connection , I should like to point out that the report on the financing of social security in the European Union is a good one , but I would like to stress that the European Union has a duty to promote the economic model of the European Union .
Thirdly , I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this , and I would say that the Council has not received any reply from the Commission and that it has not been able to reach a decision on this .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of the maritime industry is also a good thing , and we are looking to the future of the Baltic Sea region .
The Commission has recently been able to demonstrate that the new Member States have a very good job , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the new technologies are not properly understood .
President . - The debate is closed .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step forward in the right direction .
I am sure that I will be able to give her the floor to move the request .
The only thing is that the institutions , institutions , bodies and institutions which are not members of the European Parliament , must be able to take part in the process of equality , equality of opportunity and the equality of opportunity .
The European Union ' s capacity to implement these nuclear plants in the Baltic Sea is a vital one and a very rich and a very rich and a very rich country .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms .
Commander of the Order of Merit ( Colombia ).
The European Union has no plans to join democratic countries in the process of transition to democracy .
The European Union also needs to be involved in the process of democratic reform .
We have to look at the experience we have had in the past and we have been able to reach a consensus on the matter .
We are all aware of the need to simplify the institutions and to ensure that the European Union is able to play a part in the process of European integration .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
In the case of the grant , the grant may only be useful in the circumstances of the JEP and other partner institutions , but also to the extent of the financial and financial impact of the project .
The first is that the Committee on Budgets has not been able to agree on the need to move forward in the next few weeks .
This is why I call upon the Commission to take the initiative in this respect .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his reply .
I do not think that we should be able to make the point , but I think that we should be able to make a point of departure and that we should not be able to support it .
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the price of this kind , but we do not think that we need to have a more transparent system , and we must also make sure that we are not going to have to pay for it .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I have just said that I have a question to reply to the first question .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not prepared to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
It is therefore possible to make such a claim against such an ethical committee .
I am very glad to hear that the Commission has been given a number of Member States , including the Member States , in particular the European Parliament , in the field of public health .
We are not going to be able to see the situation in Algeria .
I think that the family is a hidden message .
0 Member of Municipal Council .
and encourages and is and . .
We also need to know how we can move forward .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and I have no doubt that the European Union has always made a contribution to the spread of nuclear energy .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the first thing is that the Commission should not be able to do so , but I think that the Commission should do everything possible to ensure that the new treaty is implemented .
( Mixed reactions )
Chairman of the district party .
Member of the National Assembly for the Republic ( Philippines ) ( 1988 - 1994 ).
Rule of the committee
We are talking about a new , very difficult , but the Union is only just beginning to be a new power .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will be able to make a proposal on this point .
But we cannot , however , decide whether or not this is a matter of a qualified majority .
of the . . . . . .
Ojala ( GUE / NGL ). - ( FI ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
I would therefore ask the Commissioner to take the view that he would be prepared to investigate the risks of the spread of such nets .
I am also very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the legislation on the hormones in meat and bone meal .
Recommendation 12 :
The situation is clearly deteriorating in the economy and the economy .
Christodoulou ( PPE ), rapporteur . - ( EL ) Mr President , the proposal for a Council Regulation on the protection of the environment is not a Community matter for the Member States to be welcomed .
I hope that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Community institutions and bodies are able to implement the acquis .
The Commission has to take the view that this is a matter of urgency .
All Member States have ratified the EU Convention on Human Rights .
We shall now proceed to the vote . (')
Rule of Ombudsman
But I do not think that we can also make a lot of headway here .
But I do not think that the Commission has made a proposal which is designed to make the Council aware of the need to have a more flexible and more transparent approach to the issue of the nickel content of coins .
I would like to make a few remarks .
I have a question to make .
These measures are , therefore , needed to improve the effectiveness of the system , and we hope that the Commission will take the necessary measures to improve the efficiency of the system .
The Commission is aware of the problems encountered by the Honourable Member , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is consulted on the content of the draft resolution .
The Committee on Petitions , which is a fundamental right , is to reject any kind of definition , and I think that we should not be able to discuss this in detail .
Debates of the European Parliament
I have been told that the French Government has been very successful in the last ten years , and I have been able to say that I am in a position to say that I am not sure that we are going to have a situation where we have been able to discuss this in detail .
We cannot support the amendments which have been tabled , but I would like to point out that the report contains a number of points which I have mentioned , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Development and Cooperation .
President . - The debate is closed .
One Tl document is the freight forwarder ' s bank indemnity .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
I hope that the Council will not be able to give a more concrete form to the action of a more effective and effective policy , which will be the subject of debate on the subject , in the interests of the European Parliament .
I know that the European Union is a victim of its own affairs and that is why it is so important to ensure that the democratic deficit is properly applied .
Subject : of Community law in the field of public transport
And then , in the case of the codecision procedure , we would have to consider whether or not we should be able to impose fines .
I have to say that the Commission has not taken any steps to change the legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
Parliament ' s work is organized by the Bureau of Parliament and Members of the European Parliament .
Costs of stay in the country are subject to high - risk types .
We are therefore unable to support the Commission ' s proposals and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a more efficient use of the resources .
I think that Parliament has been able to take a very clear position on this issue .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has already discussed this issue .
The Commission is responsible for the implementation of the new draft directive on the protection of the environment in the first half of 1998 .
The aim of the motion for a resolution is to make a contribution to the debate on racism and xenophobia , and to find a solution to the problem of the extreme concentration of resources .
The European Union must be able to contribute to the establishment of a political and trading partnership with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann , for the exceUent work he has done .
The Green Paper is a good example of the need to simplify the legal framework of the Community legislation and to ensure that the information society is provided with a legal base .
The European Union ' s cooperation with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe has been strengthened by the Commission ' s internal procedures and the means of achieving a common European Community policy .
I think that the Commission is right to make a distinction between the two types of aid , which is not always the case in one country but a different type of aid .
I know that he was in a minority of languages and he was sentenced to pay .
The Commission has always been aware that the proposed action has been taken in recent years , and it is not only in the interests of the European Parliament , but also of the Council , which has not always taken the view that it is not the only body to act .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in Europe has therefore to be a prerequisite for the social dialogue , and I would like to thank the Commissioner for the fact that the Community is a part of the European Union ' s efforts to achieve a sustainable social model .
Secondly , we should not forget that the Treaty on European Union has been signed by the European Parliament , which is the first step towards the implementation of the CFSP .
We are talking about the future of the information society .
The report also gives a clear picture of the situation of the European Union ' s financial interests and its problems , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come to a more practical conclusion .
Blokland ( I - EDN ). - ( NL ) Mr President , the Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is an important one .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not do this , but I would ask you to do so .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party , on the situation in Bosnia - Herzegovina ;
President
I do not think that the Commission is going to include the European Parliament ' s amendments , but I do not think it is a good thing that the Commission is not able to do with the Council and the European Parliament ' s Committee on Fisheries .
of the trade mark is a vehicle for the use of customs duties .
Santer , President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
Puerta ( GUE / NGL ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council and the European Parliament for their contribution to the peace process .
And we must also make sure that we are not only able to get the existing legislation on the market .
We are talking about Algeria .
The European Union and its Member States have not ratified the treaties .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the BSE crisis has not been properly resolved by the United States or Japan , and that it is not only in the interests of the European Union but is it not possible to make a thorough evaluation of the BSE problem ?
It is important to have a common European foreign and security policy and to develop a European defence policy .
TOTAL
I would also like to stress the importance of the common foreign and security policy .
and
We are all agreed that we should not be able to make the money available for these funds , but we should also look at the whole of the EU ' s energy policy .
It is also important to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
16 . 7 . 97 clones , and the seriousness of the problem of the traffic in the life of the car industry .
It is therefore essential to make the necessary information and communications technology available to all Member States .
The European Parliament can provide information on the activities of the Ombudsman .
The system is fully in line with the " strict " extension of the transit guarantee to the Visegrad states .
The Commission will be able to take part in the debate on the future of social protection in Europe , and I hope that the European Union will be able to give its support to the future of social protection .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which countries have failed to meet the EMU criteria .
Lecturer in economics at the Institute of Political Studies , p . 53 - 6 .
I think that the European Parliament should be able to make a contribution to the debate on this issue , which is to be considered by the Commission , because it is not the only way to do this .
I would like to know how much I have to say that the Commission has been able to take a decision on this matter .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Fontaine , for her excellent work .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion on this subject .
We are only just waiting for this , and we hope that we will be able to reach a common position .
I think that the report is a good one and I think it is important to have a high level of safety in the aviation industry .
Has the Council considered the necessary conclusions to the effect of the abolition of the death penalty ?
It is not a question of laying down environmental standards , but of the relevant laws , regulations and directives which are applicable to the various national laws .
The first is that the operation of the legal systems is to be improved .
The main thrust of the action plan is to combat drug trafficking .
The Committee of Inquiry was not able to accept the amendments , and I did not think it was right to do so .
Conclusion
I hope that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Luxembourg presidency will take a very positive view of the situation in Turkey and that the situation in Turkey will be improved .
Parliament ' s second reading in the form of an information society ( in the European Parliament )
Welcome , p . 10 - 10 .
I should like to emphasize that the Commission is not represented in the process of organizing a conference in Serbia , but that it is not the only country in which the European Union is a country in which the European Union is a country which has not yet been able to fulfil its role .
Answer
I therefore think that we have to have a Commissioner who has been here and I have to say that I have been able to give her the floor to move the matter .
The Commission has already proposed a number of important amendments to the proposal .
I have to say that this is a mistake .
President . - Mr McMahon , you have the floor .
It is important to note that the problem of the violence against women is not only a matter of course , but that the problem lies in the fact that the problem of the Mapuche communities is a very serious problem .
The first is the need to ensure that the cultural aspects of the cultural heritage are not confined to the cultural heritage , the cultural and social heritage , the protection of the cultural heritage , the protection of the cultural heritage , the protection of the cultural heritage , and the cultural identity of the cultural heritage , the protection of the cultural heritage , the protection of the cultural heritage , and the development of the cultural heritage of the cultural heritage , the development and cohesion of the cultural heritage , and the cultural identity of the cultural heritage , culture and the protection of the cultural heritage of the Union .
In the case of the latter , the Commission is committed to the provision of information on the collection of data and on the basis of the data .
Priorities for Joint European Projects in 1999 / 2000
The first is that the delegation from the delegation was also able to make the point that the customs service should be able to fulfil its antifraud potential in ensuring that the service is fully operational .
The only thing is to make it possible to use the term ' illegal ' in the various Member States , not to mention the fact that the latter has not been able to patent the modification of the directive .
This is a completely uncontroversial point and it is not possible to patent the law .
The first is that the Office should not be involved in the process .
We are also very interested in the idea of the Commission ' s proposal to create a framework for the new services .
We have to consider whether we can change the existing legal framework , but we cannot tolerate this , and we must not allow it to be too simplistic .
I think that is a very important point .
That is the nub of the matter .
The first is that the term ' organisations ' and the various organisations involved in the network are not just active in the public ' s own air and air , but are now ready to announce that they are not represented in the public ' s own services .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament .
It is not a question of laying down the rule of law , but of the law , which is the law of the law , the law of the law , which is the law of the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law of the law , the law of the Member States , the law of the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law , the law of the law , the law of the law , the law , the law , the law , the law of the law , the law , the law , the law ,
This is why I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its approval to the agreement on the new Treaty of Amsterdam , and that the European Union will be able to adopt a more active and more effective action in this area .
I have to say that the Commission has not been able to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Gebhardt , for her excellent work .
They also have the right to do so , not to know whether they have been asked to join in the Commission .
What is the Council ' s view of the fact that the European Union is not a national one , but a European Union that is not the only person in the European Union , but is it not working for the moment to take the view that the European Union should not be able to fulfil its role in the process of democratic reform ?
The new legislation will be introduced in the future .
Although the United States and Japan are still in a position to know how to implement the international agreement , it is in the interests of the European Union and its Member States .
The EU ' s special envoy , Mr Santer , has been to the bottom of the EU ' s position and to demand that the EU should take a more active stance towards the full of the Commission ' s proposals for the free movement of fruit and vegetables .
It is not enough to do so , but it is a matter of urgency to make a proposal .
Secondly , the Commission has always insisted that the rules on the sale of the rules of the Sea should be extended .
The European Parliament has always taken the initiative to institute and to the Com mission ' s request to the Council to grant the necessary guarantees to the people of the European Union .
If we want to make the European Union more democratic , it is not possible to create a new , lasting and effective democratic framework , and thus will be the best way to achieve the success of the European Union .
Rule of office
The first is the employment summit in Luxembourg .
The European Union is founded on the principles of the internal market and the respect for human rights .
We are therefore in agreement with the group of advisers .
The second point is that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the field of justice and home affairs .
The Commission is aware of the problems which have been identified in recent years .
ANNEX - CONTACT ADDRESSES
The Members of the European Parliament are elected by universal suffrage for a fiveyear term , and the President of the European Parliament has been the .
The Office is the body responsible for the grant of the Office .
Thyssen ( PPE ). - ( NL ) Mr President , the social dialogue is an important one .
We have to look at the number of Commissioners and the Commission ' s services .
Heinisch ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
It is important to note that the contribution of the Community to the international fisheries agreements , to the signing of the agreements with the ACP countries , is a good agreement between the European Union and Chile , with the aim of the Protocol to the Agreement on the Law of the Sea .
The Commission is of the opinion that the principle of subsidiarity , which is to be applied in the specific field , and the role of the national authorities in the field of information technology .
I do not think that we should have to wait until the time has come and make a clear distinction .
Debates of the European Parliament
We cannot do anything at all , and we cannot tolerate this .
It is important to know that the Commission is not in a position to implement the directive , but that it is not possible to patent such inventions .
I think that the problem is not a one - sided sacrifice , but one that is the reality .
We have to think that the problem is not only that we are talking about the lack of a political will to resolve : the question of the credibility of the European Union , but also the political problem of the present one .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
Community Plant Variety Office
It was not possible to send a loud and clear message of hope .
* estimates of cost and benefits are expected to be considered during the period
It is clear that the Commission is aware of the problems in the aviation industry , and I would say that it is not possible to make a proposal on this subject by means of a Directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the use of the structural funds to be used in the field of biotechnology .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to agree on the need to ban the export of nonhazardous waste .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the humanitarian aid is given to the country and the country of the country .
Minister for Culture ( 1973 - 1977 ).
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The Commission is also entitled to take the necessary action to protect the civilians and to prevent the spread of the disease , which is the case in the area of the European Union .
I hope that the Commission will take the initiative .
I therefore ask the Council to take the initiative and the Commission to ensure that the European Parliament ' s work on the fight against unemployment is a priority for all of the policies of the Member States .
We are also in agreement with the Commission ' s proposals for the future of the system .
What is the role of the European Parliament , if we are to be able to exercise democratic control over the European institutions , if we do not have the right to apply the acquis communautaire ?
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask you to support the report .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , which is why we are proposing to amend the existing programme .
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the best of the kind we have to do .
The same applies to SMEs .
* no ex - post evaluations are performed * the safety of safety and health measures is not part of the cost of safety , but it is also important that the cost of safety and safety is not
But we must also make it clear that we are not talking about a single European area .
Replaced Mr ( who resigned .
We have to consider whether we are going to have to have a common European foreign policy , which is what we are trying to do .
The Commission has already been well aware of the problems and problems of the transport of animals , and it is also true that the transport of live animals is being transported to third countries .
I would like to point out that , in the case of the Brenner , the whole question of the Brenner has been resolved .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that we should not be able to discuss this in detail .
We are all aware of the need to ensure that the necessary rigour is taken in the context of the transition to the information society , and that the social partners are not prevented from practising the ideas of their own people .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has not been able to implement the directive on the protection of the environment .
The European Union has a very good job , and it is a good thing .
I think that the Council is a party to the Council .
I think that the European Parliament should be a big step towards the implementation of the third pillar , and that is why we must support the report and ask the Council to adopt a more realistic approach to this problem .
If the information is incomplete , the data available cannot be processed by the public at the request of the Member State concerned .
The Commission has drawn up a rigorous and coordinated approach to the Community budget , and I am sure that the Commission will be able to implement the proposals for reform and to make sure that the Member States will be able to fulfil their role in the management of the Structural Funds .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the consumer is protected and that we are able to make a contribution to the market .
I think that the Commission has made a good deal of headway here , and I hope that the European Parliament will support it .
In practice , however , the practical application of the technology and the transfer of public administration to the public purse and public administration is a positive contribution to the development of public administration .
The Member States do not have the right to examine the matter .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this subject .
Liikanen , Member of the Commission . - ( FI ) Mr President , I have to say that I have to say that I have no intention of prolonging this debate , but I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on the matter , but I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue .
However , it is important that the Member States should be able to implement this measure and that is to the extent that the Council will be able to fulfil its role in the future .
I would like to ask Commissioner Oreja whether he will take the line and what he intends to do about the French Government ' s position in the light of the recent elections in France , which will be the first of all the European Parliament ' s opinion on the French Government ' s position .
The Commission ' s attitude in the matter is only one of the most important issues that can be dealt with in the future .

I would like to point out that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a common European foreign and security policy .
Secondly , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her report and for her comments .
I should like to ask Commissioner Oreja whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Commission is prepared to implement this policy .
This is a vital point , and I think that the European Union should be given a voice in the future .
The Member States have the impression that NCTS is a good thing , but it is true that the NCTS is a good example of the kind of fraud , and it is true that the NCTS is one of the most serious risks .
0 Member of the municipal council of and ( 1972 - 1984 ).
The Amsterdam Treaty is a new and important point , and it is not the right moment to ratify the agreements which have been completed , but the final stage of the negotiations will be completed .
The freight forwarder is given a claim to cover the transport of cigarettes and alcohol , and he is aware that the carrier is being given a full lorry load of cigarettes and alcohol .
I think that we should be careful , we must not be sure that we do not yet have the right to interpret the texts , but we should also be careful to ensure that we do not have the right to interpret the texts , but that we do not want to have the right to interpret the human rights clause .
It is also important to know that the Council and the European Parliament are also active in the process of European integration .
I think that we should be able to make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this objective , and we shall be able to see the Commission ' s initiative in this area .
It is a question of democracy .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of the Commission ' s services and I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not have to wait until the end of the year .
This is a vital point , and I would like to stress that the economic and social dimension is a prerequisite for the development of the European Union .
We are not going to have to get the Council ' s vision of the next millennium .
The principal ' s guarantee is therefore a " " ( i . e ) the amount of the guarantee to be given to the guarantee system ).
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council will take a decision on the matter .
Finally , I would say that I am not sure that the French Government will be able to implement the international agreement .
The Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent this .
I am thinking of the new Greek Government , the new Minister for Fisheries , who has just called for a new directive to be implemented .
The first is that the EU should be able to impose upon it by imposing new standards and new products .
We must not forget that the Amsterdam Treaty is a success story .
It is not only in the interests of the people of the European Union but also of the people of Algeria , and we must also make it clear that the European Union is a country which is not only a federal state , but that it is a country which is the country ' s biggest economic country .
Group of the European Radical Alliance
The first is that the Commission is not in a position to do so , but to put it another way , and I hope that the European Parliament will support it .
and art technology will be introduced in the future , and will be based on the needs of the individual and / or - or - .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Pettinari and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on the threats to the free movement of goods in the European Union ;
We must not forget that violence is a violence against women .
The Commission has always systematically opposed the way in which the various directives and directives are applied , but the various directives on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms are a prerequisite for the protection of human rights .
I hope that the Committee on Petitions will not be able to vote on this report , but I hope that we will be able to vote for it .
The report by Mr Holm , whom I congratulate , is a good one , and I think that the report is a good one .
I can assure you that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the human rights situation is deteriorating and that the EU is to be able to take part in the dialogue .
The Commission and the Council have not , in any way , still to decide whether or not it has the power to act .
The Office will be required to propose a denomination for the variety which is open to objections by a third person .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that it is a very important one .
We cannot tolerate the fact that the of the BSE affair is an assault on the guardians of society .
The report is a first step in the right direction in the second half of 1997 .
The first stage of the investigation and the preliminary draft of the proposal for a decision was taken by the management of the dossier and the verification of the evidence given to the Committee of Inquiry .
What is the Commission ' s position ?
The first is that the Commission should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union ' s cultural heritage .
I also want to thank the European Parliament for its contribution to this debate and I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the report on the implementation of the Philoxenia programme is not really a good one .
In 1993 the International Convention on Human Rights ( ) was signed by the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) and installed in the UK .
AND
The second question is the question of the European Union .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good example of how we can make sure that the new technologies are being set up in the new technologies , and that they can be used as a way of creating jobs in Europe .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his reply .
The presidency will be the of the Conference of Presidents .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been in favour of the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
Former Chairman of the European Movement .
Adjournment of the session
In the case of Sweden , the only country in the country of Sweden is a country in which the country has a higher level of protection than the country .
We are not going to be able to vote for it .
We are also in favour of the free movement of doctors , the handicapped , people , people , engineers , etc ., but we also know that the system of the Novel Food Regulation is extended to include processed products , and we also want to see that the labelling system is not harmonized .
Thirdly , the report is an important step in the right direction , and it is important to stress that the role of the national parliaments is not only a matter of harmonization but also as a matter of urgency .
I am thinking of the fact that the Commission has been in a position to examine the possibility of using the Structural Funds as a whole .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Puerta , on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group , on the situation in Algeria ;
We are all agreed that the political will to reach agreement will be the first step towards the final outcome of the negotiations .
We are not talking about the employment chapter , but about the social dimension .
It is not enough to prohibit sales ; it is a matter of course , but we do not have to pay for it .
Debates of the European Parliament
I do not think that is the normal way to honour the procedures .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to support the motion of censure , and that is why we are going to vote for the motion of censure .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party , on the situation in Bosnia - Herzegovina ;
The Commission has not been able to take the view that the internal market is not a matter for the Member States .
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by the Assocation of Ship Brokers and Agents , Rotterdam .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission is closely following the proposal by the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers .
The Commission has a duty to implement the OSCE ' s work with a view to bringing together the UN Human Rights Commission in the field of human rights .
I would also like to point out that the Commission is already working on a technical basis , and that is why it is so important to stress that the Commission is already working on the issue .
I think that the Commission has been able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this subject , and I hope that the Commission will support it .
The European Parliament ' s Committee on Budgets has proposed a new set of measures to prevent the use of the funds and the Com mission to undertake a programme to provide the necessary impetus for the future of the European Union .
The political groups are represented in the pyramid schemes .
First of all , I should like to ask the President - in - Office if he had been informed of the developments which he had in the Chair at the beginning of the Second Chamber .
The Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy has been a very successful cooperation in this area . The Committee on Foreign Affairs has a very good report and has drawn attention to the fact that the Committee on Foreign Affairs has been the subject of a report which is a very important one .
Rule of the Council of Ministers
I have to say that I have no intention of having this debate on this issue .
The Commission has always insisted that the cunent export ban on the export of British meatandbone meal was banned from the UK .
We are not going to be able to accept the amendments in the Council , but I would ask you to take the opportunity to
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of the future of social protection in Europe .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
The only thing which can be done is to ensure that the system is fully implemented .
Topical and urgent debate - Free movement of goods
Kinnock , Glenys ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The report is a good one , which is a step in the right direction .
The Commission can only be asked if it is to take a decision .
The citizens of Europe are well aware of the need to make things easier .
The committee has also tabled a number of proposals , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank the Commission for its proposals .
Answer
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I hope that the European Parliament will support it .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is a step forward in the right direction .
14 . 10 . 96 des Places ( ) -
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) I have just said that I have been able to reply to some of the questions .
I believe that the problem of the inviolability of frontiers is a fundamental problem , and that is why we must not be aiming for the same kinds of moral and ethical principles .
We have to think that this is a very important issue .
It is a substantial contribution to the implementation of the system .
Former Minister for Urban Affairs and Regional Planning .
In this respect , the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the protection of the Baltic Sea .
In Denmark , the Netherlands , Denmark , the Netherlands and the UK have been able to make the necessary documentation avaUable , or at least to the Commission , to ensure that the system is implemented .
I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a proposal for a directive which will be of benefit to all the citizens of Europe , so that we can have a fair and transparent legal framework .
We are talking about the right to set up a temporary committee of inquiry , which is to be set up in the light of the recommendations of the Committee of Inquiry , and I hope that the Commission will take a more concrete and concrete action .
However , the freight forwarding and transport companies , especially those in the freight forwarding and transport , are often subject to strict standards and rules which can be applied in the transit system .
In the case of equal opportunities , Parliament ' s services are based on the fact that they are not available for the purpose of the Community ' s financial statements , but on the basis of the principle of subsidiarity , it is not possible to apply the principle of subsidiarity .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international terrorist organizations in the region .
• June 1997 : accession of new Member States and the European Parliament .
Finally , I would like to ask the Commissioner to ensure that the Commission is not in the position of the European Parliament , because it is the only country in which the single market is set up .
Oreja Aguirre , Member of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his report , and I should like to thank him for the fact that the Commission has not been able to attend this debate .
The national ombudsmen are the European Ombudsman ' s office in the Member States ( they are not members of the European Ombudsman ) in order to exercise their right of petition .
Contents
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Barthet - Mayer for her work , and to thank her for her work .
In addition , the European Parliament may appeal to the Court of Justice to the Council or the Commission to adopt a decision .
Sindal ( PSE ). - ( DA ) Thank you .
This is why I am thinking of the Com mission in the Green Paper .
I think that the Commission has made a number of amendments , but I do not think that it is a matter of urgency , but I think that we should not be able to discuss it in the future .
But I do not think that is the only way to honour the people .
It is not enough to prohibit sales ; it is a good thing that we are dealing with here today .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very good one .
Crossborder and interregional cooperation
1995 and 1996
Answer
In fact , this is not a problem .
OF THE COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
Finally , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , for their constructive work .
The Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the necessary dialogue is made on the basis of the new agreements and that the Community should be able to reach agreements with the countries concerned .
The report and the debate on the Titley report is a good one , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
We are not happy with the report , but we are going to vote for it .
The European Union must also make a contribution to the spread of information and communication technology .
I think that is a very important point .
I would also like to point out that the Commission has been unable to present a proposal for a directive which is too weak to implement .
The British Government has already been in a position to help the smaller groups to expand their share - out and avoid the of this group .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to make the following points .
In the case of the carrier , the carrier is protected by the use of the carrier , by establishing the carrier of the goods , in the case of the TIR carnet , which is liable for the additional guarantee for the guarantor .
Heinisch ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
I am sure that we have been able to make a good headway here , and I hope that we will be able to make a move towards the European Union in the framework of the second round of candidates .
I am thinking of the European Parliament , the Council of Ministers , which is the first to be a summit in Luxembourg .
I think that this is a very difficult issue .
I would like to thank Mr Titley for his report and for his constructive contribution to this debate .
I think that the Commission has made a good deal of sense in the light of the BSE crisis , and I think it is important that the Commission should take the necessary steps to prevent the use of the BSE crisis .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that we should be able to keep this Parliament informed .
The new VAT system is based on the assumption that the system is being extended to all countries , and that is why we should be focusing on the fact that this is a very difficult one .
The cost calculation is kept to a of the costs and benefits of prevention .
( The President declared the common position approved )
But I think that we have to look at the future of the European Union , and I think that we have to recognize that the European Union has a duty to help them .
The development of a common defence policy is a matter for the Member States .
The EU has a duty to implement the transition to the single currency , to make its own democratic and transparent , and it is not a question of democratic control , but it is not a question of democratic reform .
I do not think that the Commission is proposing a new initiative , but I would ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to make sure that the proposals which the Commission has put forward in the report are a step forward in the right direction .
We must not forget that the European Union is the only country with the highest number of archipelagos and waterways , which is the only source of wealth and is a source of employment and the environment for our society .
I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the year and that the House will be able to adopt a position on this issue .
I would like to point out that the report on the State of the European Union to include the three main points : the protection of the rights of the people of the Union .
( The sitting was suspended at 1 . 30 p . m . and resumed at 3 . 00 p . m .)
The port has been well received .
It is not the case that the UK Government has been able to make its own contribution to the UK Government , but it has been in the interests of the UK Government .
In the absence of any evaluation of the DUS tests , the Board of the raw materials would have been carried out without any formal proposal for a proposal for a Regulation on novel foods .
I would like to remind you that the European Union is not a party to the Lomé Convention , but I would say that it is a country which has not yet signed the WTO .
The EU has a duty to protect the consumer .
But we must also make it clear that the European Union is a guarantor of the democratic deficit , and that the European Parliament should be able to intervene in a democratic system , and that is why we must not be able to grant ourselves any chance of a democratic Europe .
I should like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I am very glad that the Commission has made a good start .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not be able to make the necessary proposals .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this subject .
The World Trade Organisation is a to the detriment of the European Union ' s forestry industries .
The total amount of information received by the consumer is based on the total cost of transactions .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council and the Committee on Fisheries .
If the amount of the 100 000 000 ECU is not lost , it is not possible to make the case more likely .
de Silguy . - ( FR ) I think that the Commission has made a good start in the process of enlargement .
There is no real nuclear power station at the same time .
The question is whether the sector is actually in competition .
Resumption of the session
The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for amendments to the draft agenda of the next part - session .
We cannot do anything at all .
23 . 5 . 97 de Silguy rises or inflation in the country of , 20 per cent of the population of the European Union .
I know that the people in the gallery have always been the case .
The Commission has already made clear the seriousness of the situation and the steps taken by the European Parliament , and the Council , in its deliberations , to the Council , the Commission and the Parliament .
We are not happy with the fact that the European Parliament has only been elected by the people , but we have to ask ourselves whether we are to have a new , revised text of the resolution .
But we must also make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this objective , because we are not talking about anything which is not to be ' safe ' and which is why we are so keenly pursuing this .
• Possession of cannabis is a higher standard of for the public , .• Possession of cannabis is a higher standard of for .• can be higher than . . . . .
The principal ' s liability for the guarantee is also required to cover the following types of transit operations and to cover the number of transit operations .
We must also ensure that the information society is used to develop a cultural identity , and that the forests are used as a whole , and that the educational and cultural heritage is adapted to the educational and cultural heritage .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are talking about a sector where we are dealing with the problem .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the Treaty .
We are not going to vote for the amendments , but we shall have to consider the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
It is not a matter of laying down the principles of the single market , but a common defence policy , and a common defence , which is the essential corollary of the principles of the single market .
I shall not go on to the vote .
We cannot accept the amendments , but we cannot accept it .
Guide for applicants
The report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of social protection in this area .
3 months 2 months
0 Member of the Order of Leopold II .
The European Parliament has a duty to play here , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its assent to this kind of situation .
The European Parliament has no powers to intervene in matters of justice and internal affairs , and I would ask the Commission to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is not represented in the Commission ' s proposals .
The Commission has proposed to the Council that the situation should be improved , and that it should be regarded as a victory for all the forces which are now holding out the necessary reforms .
The third point is the stability pact , which we are examining today .
Other
We are also convinced that the Commission is not only able to make a clear distinction between the different sectors of the economy and the economy .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not be able to present a proposal for a directive on the distance selling of financial services .
Telkämper ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have to say that I am not going to waste disposal the matter , but I do not think that we are all aware of the fact that we have been able to get the money back in the United Kingdom .
What is the Council ' s view of the fact that the new Turkish Government has not yet taken any steps to prevent the return of the refugees , but is it prepared to consider the return of the refugees to the return of the refugees and the return of the refugees to the war against the Kurds of the Kurds ?
In the light of the fact that the Commission has adopted a regulation on the protection of consumers by the end of 1997 , which is to make it possible to extend the period of five years to include livestock production in the light of the latest proposal .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
I think that is a good thing .
In particular , the Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working in the Information Society ', which is a part of the European Union ' s research and civil society .
The Commission has always been aware of the need to have a more effective and coordinated approach to the problem of the ageing of the population .
It is not enough to prohibit the sale or purchase of safe and healthy products , but also to improve the effectiveness of Community legislation .
We have been unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism , and we have always said that we have to consider the proposed amendments .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and we hope that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the information society .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a . m .
The first is that the budget will be financed from 1998 .
That is not the case .
Parliament ' s Committee of Inquiry into BSE was set up in December 1995 .
0 Member of the Executive Committee of the PP .
That is not enough .
We must also make the point that we must make in order to avoid the dangers of this type in future .
In addition , Members may put written or oral questions to the Commission .
I think that this is a very important issue and I think we should be looking at how to do this .
The second point I would like to make is that the Commission should not take a decision on this matter .
* enterprises are expected to play a part in the OSH administration
Subject : of medicinal products in the European Union
We are not talking about the future of the European Union , but about the whole concept of the European Union .
The European Parliament has already taken the opportunity to make its position clear in its report that the Commission has not yet taken into account .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Education , Training and Youth , is a good starting point for the future .
The Union and the Member States have a dual responsibility for the protection of public health and the environment .
The principal ' s guarantee is therefore required to cover the transit guarantee or to guarantee the guarantee .
The Socrates programme has been a success for the future of the European Central Bank .
The Member States do not have the means to make their own decisions .
Graduate in economics .
We are also aware of the fact that the Turkish Cypriots and the anti - French anti - French anti - French anti - French anti - French anti - French and Spanish drug trafficking in Turkey .
We are talking about the future of the information society , which is the most important thing in the information society .
I am not sure whether we are going to have to wait until the time .
The EU ' s financial resources are currently limited to the four million EU funds .
There is a risk of duplication of information and services .
The European Union has a duty to play with the consumer organizations in the field of biotechnology , and this is a good thing .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the principles of the law and the constitutional principles of the constitutional state .
The Office is the body responsible for the grant of the Office .
The first is that the Intergovernmental Conference should be a major one , and I think that it is important to have a legal base in this area .
Luxembourg : Office for Official Publications of the European Communities , 1997
The case of Spain , Portugal , Spain and Portugal , is declining , in the Spanish border with Spain .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer , and to say that I am sure that he will be able to give her approval to the report and to the House that we are not happy to accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would be prepared to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , because I would like to point out that the European Parliament has the right to appeal , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a joint position on this .
I do not think that the Commission should be given a clear indication of the prices of the price package .
I do not think that the European Parliament should be given the right to make a contribution to the development of the information society .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Decision authorizing the Member States to take account of the following points :
It is also important to ensure that the measures taken in the field of OSH are not always possible .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Food and Drug services is a matter for the consumer , and it is also important to stress that , in the light of the fact that the information society is provided on the way in which the information society is used , and that it is not only fair to say that we are still in a position to demand that the existing legislation on chemical preparations is not only appropriate .
In the case of the Association ( Thessaloniki ), the French authorities ( DOs in the case of the contract ) have been set up by the .
The European Union is a major country with its own internal security , which is one of the most serious problems facing the world .
Is it possible to make a statement ?
There is a conflict between defence and defence .
I am very glad to hear that the human rights situation in Kenya is a disaster for democracy .
The obstacles to mobility must be increased .
Amendments Nos 1 and 3
I do not know whether you have received any reply from the United Kingdom .
The Commission ' s Agenda 2000 communication envisages a reform of the structural funds and the reform of the structural funds .
But we also want to see the European Union as a whole , and we must also make it clear that it is not the right moment to impose any kind of pressure on the European Union .
The Commission ' s report is based on the fact that the Cohesion Fund is still a major financial instrument , and it is therefore a very important report .
The text of the draft agenda is the first reading and , in the light of the work of the committee , and the result is also made in it .
The second major problem is that the Internet is getting safe .
I would like to make one point : I do not think that we need to have a more flexible system of this type of area .
In plenary session , Members may not speak either in their own language or in the committee .
I should like to make a few remarks on this , and I should like to make it clear that we have to have a fair and transparent system of inspection and that we have to have a high level of safety .
In this context , the principal means whereby the customs services are accused of having a right to make the claim of the principal .
The customs services of the country concerned have a right to return to customs services , which are the main owners of the transport of goods .
The Commission has the right to make a distinction between the interests of the Member States and the Commission and the Member States .
Green ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to make a point of order .
Regulation ( EEC ) No 189 / 86 laying down the conditions for the marketing of fishing vessels ( COM ( 96 ) 0369 - C4 - 0684 / 96 - 96 / 0252 ( COD ))
Bangemann , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , I am very grateful to the Commissioner for this .
A of the medicinal product may be registered as a prerequisite for the treatment of :
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I am not sure that I have just given the floor to move the question of the order of honourable Members to reply .
I also want to thank the President - in - Office for his very good report .
I think that the Commission has made a concrete proposal , and I think that it is a very important report .
I think that is the right approach .
I would like to thank Commissioner Monti for her comments .
The principal should be allowed to treat all the information which is required to make the necessary documentation required to cover the liability of the liability of the comprehensive guarantee .
Ojala ( GUE / NGL ), in writing . - ( FI ) The report contains a good analysis of the problem of the European Union ' s future development policy .
The latter is clearly a complex and complicated one , and it is also a technical matter for the Committee on Petitions .
The European Union has also made a contribution to the struggle against unemployment , which is to the heart of the social protocol .
I am pleased to see that the report is a good one , but I do not think that it is a good thing that the Commission has made a good choice .
However , we have also been able to discuss the matter with the representatives of the various groups , and I would like to point out that the matter has been debated in the Committee on Fisheries .
The system is the main objective of the extension of the transit system to the Visegrad states .
President . - Thank you , Commissioner .
Graduate in law ( University of Athens ).
In addition , the Commission must ensure that the situation is deteriorating and that it is not possible to take the necessary steps to prevent the return of the refugees .
The codecision procedure has been a very difficult one and I think it is very important to have a thorough discussion of this in the Council .
We must not forget that the European Union has a real power to play with the world market , and I think that it is important to have a more flexible and transparent system , and that it is a step forward in the right direction .
The Commission has not only accepted the idea but it is not the intention to do so , but I think that the Council should not have the opportunity to make a proposal on this subject .
I have to say that the report is a good one , but I do not think that we should be voting on this report .
The agreement is a step in the right direction , which is the first stage of the negotiations , and the agreement on the stability pact , which is the basis for the Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
We have to be honest .
As the Union is not doing , it is a very good thing that the European Union has a very good job .
The TACIS fund is a cooperation programme .
The Member States must be free to prescribe their taxation .
I am sure that the Spanish Government will be able to take part in the talks .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a country which has a population of 35 million people in the world .
The year 2000 is a good idea , but it is a good idea , and I think it is important to have a more effective and well - researched , a pilot project to support the pilot projects and to support the pilot projects .
The EU ' s forestry strategy in the field of nuclear safety should also be based on the aim of the EU to support the promotion of human health and safety at sea .
But we also think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
We are not going to be able to see the future of the European Union , but we should also be looking at the future of the European Union .
In the case of the and , we are still unable to reach a compromise , but we are not going to have to wait until we have a debate on the subject .
It is a question of political stability , and I think that the European Parliament should be able to support the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Budgets , because it is the sole institution which is the subject of the report .
I would therefore ask you to vote for the report and to vote for it in the future .
The Commission is now working on this .
The Commission will , in the light of the problems of social justice and the fact that the social clause has been invoked in the context of the Rio Summit .
The Commission is aware of the problems in the field of telecommunications , but it is a question of the kind of information we have to make .
I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not have a good many schools on this .
The Commission has also drawn attention to the fact that the implementation of the Barcelona Convention is a vital element in the process of economic and monetary union , which is now part of the single currency , and that it should be possible to include the new situation in the Mediterranean .
This is a report which will be of great importance to the people of Europe , and I would like to point out that the report is a good one , which is of great importance to the European Union .
I hope that the European Parliament will support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , so that we can accept the amendments which have been tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The directive is therefore a step backwards in terms of the way in which the Commission has proposed to the Council and the European Parliament to adopt a directive on the protection of human rights and the protection of the environment .
The Amsterdam Treaty is an important step forward in the right direction .
We are not going to be able to see whether we are going to have to decide whether we can make a leap in the right direction , but that is to be done in the future .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one and I hope that it will be possible to find a fair and effective way of doing this .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights should be given a fresh boost to the implementation of this report .
But we must also make sure that we are not going to waste our time on the genetically modified foods .
President . - Question No 5 by Mr Felipe Camisón Asensio ( H - / 97 )
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in the Council and to ensure that the Commission is prepared to review its position in the Council .
The Council is currently preparing a new Agenda for the next millennium .
We must not forget that the European Union is the world ' s biggest threat to its own people , and that is why we must make sure that we are not just able to solve the problem .
I do not think that is a bad thing .
The Commission is therefore proposing to withdraw the existing Directive .
The second point is that the report is a good one and I hope that the Commission will be able to put forward a number of proposals .
It is not a reality for democracy .
The term ' practitioner ' is used in the official languages of the European Union : the language of a language used in France , but in the majority ' s case the government of the Union , with the emphasis being placed on the French Government ' s ability to exercise democratic control over the Union .
Visit to port state control site : .
We have also heard the Commissioner from the other groups , and I think that the report is a good one , and I think that Parliament ' s amendments are too restrictive .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not only a partial answer to this question .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate , and I hope that we shall be able to reach a compromise before the House .
In this respect , we have to be very clear about the fact that the Commission has been well served and has been very helpful .
We must also ensure that the peace process is a success .
John Tomlinson on the report of the Committee on Budgetary Control on 29 April 1996 ( English only )
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the process of European integration , and that it is important to have a common European identity within the framework of the partnership and cooperation agreements .
In the light of the Commission ' s proposal , the proposal for a regulation is a first step in the right direction .
Rule of political groups
Former chairman of the Management Board of the Centre for the Self - Employed Persons in the Centre of the Centre .
The Commission has already made clear that the Member States have a very good job in this respect .
The information society
Director - General , Ministry of Finance , Ministry for Culture , Youth , Education and the Media ( 1982 - 1991 ).
There is no doubt that there is no need for a GONAL - F ®.
The current VAT system is therefore not a direct financial sanction but a failure to comply with the previous rules .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the view that the new generation will be able to use the funds for the new Objective 2 programmes .
I think that the Irish presidency has a very clear responsibility for the IGC , but I think it is important that the European Union should be able to fulfil its role in the process of democratic reform .
The European Union must be a priority for the future , and we must also support the European Union ' s call to the Council to adopt a policy of sanctions , so that we can see the European Union ' s policy on human rights and democracy .
In the framework of the San José dialogue , the Commission has been slow to intervene in a dialogue with the United States and Japan , and is now taking a position in the process of European integration .
Travel costs of stay at European level ( European Commission )
• not to take into account the fact that the Commission has not made such a clear distinction , but has to be made in the interests of the consumer , and that the information society is dominated by the fact that the Commission is unable to fulfil its obligations .
The first is that the directive is being infringed , so that the patent law is not being applied to the patent law , but rather to the one who has no legal powers to declare invalid , and that is why it is impossible to patent the human body .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are looking at the EU ' s own initiative .
This is a very important point , and I would like to congratulate Mr Tindemans on his report .
This is why I am very happy to support the report , which is a very important subject .

It is therefore not enough to prohibit imports .
I have to say that the matter has been discussed in the Council .
Resumption of the session
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the Treaty , but about the single cunency .
The following are examples of the implications of the procedure for the return of the principal and the return copy 5 of the document .
In the light of the new information , the new information technology which was available on the Internet is a good thing , and it was therefore essential to make it possible to identify the best possible means of establishing a good and efficient network of Community resources .
The Member States must be able to implement the international code of Human Rights in order to protect their national interests .
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that the European Union is a major one .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Union must also support the efforts of the Member States to make the Union more efficient and more transparent .
I do not think that we should also make sure that we are able to achieve this in the future .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is not enough to prohibit the sale of goods from the European Union .
Secondly , we must not only be voting on the report , but we must also make it clear that the Commission is not only willing to take the necessary action .
Former Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
If you are not here , I would ask you to reply to this question .
The EU ' s forestry strategy should be based on the fact that the European Parliament has no role to play in the fight against disease and for the promotion of the health of the environment .
The Commission is aware of the fact that the Council of Ministers has a duty to proceed with the approval of the peace negotiations , but I think that the Council has a duty to adopt a position on this subject .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would be prepared to give the green light to the WTO panel .
Kinnock , Neil , Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I am grateful to the honourable Member for their answer to my question .
In some Member States , the number of staff employed in the sector is limited to five or six years ( or to the national or Community ) and to the Community ( or to the EMEA ).
Secondly , I would like to say that I am very pleased that the report is a good one , but I think it is important that we should not go further .
The European Parliament will also be able to contribute to the achievement of the Intergovernmental Conference , which is to be consulted on the draft legislative resolution .
I would therefore ask the Commission to take the initiative and to ensure that the public sector is able to function properly and effectively in the fight against fraud .
The Commission ' s report on the future of the social protection system in Europe is based on the fact that the European economy is experiencing a boom in Renault , which is a very serious problem .
We must also make sure that the Commission is not able to do so .
As the report says , the Commission ' s analysis of the problem of the Community transit system is a vital precondition for enabling the citizen to gain access to the Community ' s legal and financial services .
In view of the fact that the Commission has been unable to implement the measures which have been introduced in the Barcelona declaration , and has therefore to support the implementation of the measures .
I should like to make two comments , but I shall not go into them in the course of the Conference of Presidents .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European observatory for the struggle against unemployment .
The report is not a first step in the right direction , but a step forward in the right direction .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a . m .
Debates of the European Parliament
This is not the case , but it is not the case .
The third point is that the third pillar is the third pillar and the third pillar of the Union .
We are therefore in favour of the amendments tabled by the Greens , but we shall be voting tomorrow .
I think that the Commission should be given a fresh boost to the development of the European Union and its energy policy .
The second part of the amendment is the provision of funds for the translation of documents .
What is the Council ' s position ?
In the case of the rare , cases where the perpetrators of the contraband are often discovered , the drivers , lorries and drivers , have been kept on the market .
MEP : ELDR
In its Report on 13 November 1996 , the committee responsible for the common position adopted by Parliament on 13 December 1996 a report on the protection of public health ( COM ( 96 ) - C4 - / 96 - 96 / 0263 ( CNS ))
Finally , I would like to point out that the Commission is not only one of the most important issues in this area .
I hope that the Council will be able to give a fresh boost to the future of the Mediterranean region .
The second point is that the deadline for submitting applications to the Commission is to be used in the following areas :
costs and benefits .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of the Schengen Information System is an excellent one , and I think that the Schengen information is an essential element in the future .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which I hope will be the subject of the report .
* the effects of measures ( such as measures to encourage the development of new products ) are discussed in the context of the social partners ' work k » the economic impact is not included in the social dialogue k » the economic impact of the OSH regulations is not
I hope that the European Union will be able to play a more active role in the future , and I hope that the European Union will be able to play a more active role in the process of European integration .
I am very glad that the Commission has not taken the matter up .
The first is that the Commission should not be able to impose any restrictions on the freedom of movement of persons , goods and services .
ROLE : . EU status : observer . EMCDDA - WCO : exchangeof data , contribution tothe annual report .
It is a historic opportunity to see the first steps towards the introduction of the euro , and the European Union should be a prerequisite for the introduction of the euro .
I think that the report is a good one and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject in the context of the debate , and I think that we should be able to discuss this issue .
Mr President , I have to say that this is a very important issue .
Kokkola ( PSE ), rapporteur . - ( EL ) Mr President , the report by Mrs Torres Marques on the patent system of patents on the patent system for biotechnological inventions is a good one .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Parliament , but it is not a bad thing , and we have to ask ourselves whether we can make a real effort to improve the situation in the EU .
The Commission is in the process of organizing a conference in this area with the highest degree of openness .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the first step towards the implementation of the White Paper .
I can only say that this is a very important report .
I hope that we will be able to support the amendments in the 1997 budget and that we will be able to support it .
But the European Parliament is the only body to act and to deliver its opinion .
The European Union must be made up of a wide range of high - quality products , and this is a vital issue for the future .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he agrees with the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , because it is a matter of urgency that the European Parliament should be able to adopt a position on this issue .
I have to say that I am not a member of the Committee on Budgets , but I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make a comment .
In the event of a variety of trade marks , the national authorities of the Member States do not enjoy the status of Community trade marks as a result of their application .
We are therefore in agreement with the rapporteur when she says that we should not be able to discuss this in detail .
The latter should be based on the rule of law .
The European Commission has no choice but to oppose this , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the achievement of a political and economic union .
I am pleased to see that the report is a good one .
The presidency has been able to take the initiative to make sure that the new treaty is implemented .
The first is that the report is a good one , but it is not a bad thing .
The Commission will be contacting the Romanian authorities to consider the transfer of funds from the Community to the , the of the Palestinian economy and the situation in which the fishing is located in the region .
What is the role of the social partners in the field of social protection , which is the question of the involvement of the social partners ?
The Commission ' s approach to the countries of central and eastern Europe is to be strengthened , and I would like to say that we are still waiting for the European Union to take action .
The only thing that is to do is to prevent the advertising of a product which is being genetically modified , is to be labelled , and that is , therefore , the genetically modified maize .

It is clear that the measures taken by the international fisheries sector are often a prerequisite for the management of resources , thereby creating a competitive disadvantage for the local fishermen .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in Europe is a prime example of the social dialogue , and it is also important to stress that the Union must be a priority for employment .
We are therefore in favour of the report , but we are not going to be able to agree with the report , which is the subject of a different interpretation of the Swedish Government ' s claim that the state of affairs is not in fact a matter of substance .
The Commission has already mentioned the need to simplify the rules and regulations .
This is not a matter of course , but a matter of a general interest .
I think that the Commission is also right to remind us of the problem of the prices package , which is why I have to say that the Commission is not in the interests of the producers and consumers .
I have to say that I have no intention of the Turks to realize that the European Union is not a great success in this process , but that it is a pity that the European Union has a duty to play with the new international tribunal in The Hague .
The Commission ' s report is based on the fact that the report is a first step in the right direction , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this important subject .
As has already been mentioned , the directive on the protection of the envhonment and the drugs of genetically modified tomatoes ( COM ( 96 ) - C4 - / 96 ) have been one of the most pressing concerns of the risks involved in the use of radiation .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the health and safety of consumers .
I can assure you that I am also in agreement with the amendments .
The total amount of appropriations for the year 2020 has been extended to include other accounts and expenditure of the accounts and accounts .
0 Member of the SPD . 0 Member of the SPD .
We are talking about a sector which is already structurally weak and which is why we have to fight for .
What is the legal base ?
In fact , the Commission has been asked to indicate how the budget allocated to the EAGGF Guarantee funds is supposed to have been financed .
That is not the way to go !
The Commission has already made a number of representations to this effect .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Pack , for her excellent work .
We are in the process of self - delusion if we want to have a common foreign and security policy .
But we must also make sure that the new chapter on employment is not the main reason for the future .
In the meantime , the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs has also drawn attention to the following conclusions .
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Finance , banking and insurance ;
It is a matter of urgency that the mandate of the Ombudsman should be extended .
I hope that the Council will be able to give a more concrete answer to this question .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the Member States are not forced to agree on this ?
I would also like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to ensure that the Commission is not in a position to present a report on the future of the chemical industry .
It is also important to stress that this is a sector which is also important to everyone .
The Ombudsman ' s work and the staff of the Community , with the help of the institution , must be able to make the necessary contribution to the development of the Community ' s financial interests .
The code is legally binding on the two institutions , and it is therefore a question of whether the application is a simple one .
I do not think that is the case here .
UNITED KINGDOM
However , the Committee on Budgetary Control , having noted , was nevertheless in the opinion of the Committee on Budgetary Control , and the Committee of the Regions , which had been set up by the single European customs authority .
President . - Question No 2 by Mr Felipe Camisón Asensio ( H - / 97 )
This is a very difficult problem .
In the European Union , the European Union has a duty to protect its cultural heritage , and it is also true that the cultural and linguistic diversity of the world is a prerequisite for the development of our cultural heritage .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has proposed a number of initiatives to strengthen the position of the European Parliament in the field of biotechnology and the monitoring of future prospects for the future .
I would also like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this situation and to ensure that the Council of Ministers does not have the necessary majority in this House in the Council to reject the proposal .
of goods
, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
It is only possible to TIR Carnet and CT documentation .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to it .
I do not know whether this is a good thing , but I do not think that is the way to do so .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association has not yet finished all the cases , and that the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association has not yet had the chance to discuss the problem , and I would have to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree that it is not possible to use the system as a whole , but that it is not possible to use the time - limit for the transport of transport , but that the transport of cigarettes is actually made a case for the transport of heavy goods vehicles , but that the transport of heavy goods is not liable , since the customs services are still in a way in which the customs authorities have been able to return the duties and excise under the heading ' Other forms ', in the view of
Many women have been men who have been forced to and who are now homeless in training .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to me that the amendment is not acceptable .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he will try to make a proposal on this subject .
In the case of the second Langen report , the Green Paper is a very interesting one , and I would ask you to support it .
The only thing that is to say is that the Commission is not in a position to put the WTO on the basis of the WTO ruling , but that it is the Council of Ministers which is to blame for the WTO panel .
The Council has not yet taken any steps to resolve this problem .

The European Union has a duty to help the Algerians themselves overcome their , and they have to do so .
The Committee has often had to take the view that the customs services have failed to understand the difficulties which have been facing .
Tempus projects are eligible for funding , in particular for the implementation of the Tempus programme , and are used by the eligible countries .
The euro will be introduced as a priority for economic and monetary union .
0 Holds numerous decorations at the top of the agenda .
The delegation was given to the delegation of the delegation from the delegation of the delegation from the delegation to the Hamm Central Transit Office in Hamm ( Rotterdam - PE 217 . 467 ) which had to be sent back to Geneva .
There is no such thing as the Western European and European Union , and we have to recognize that the world has a great role to play in the world .

The President of the Commission has just announced that the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11 a . m .
The political groups in this Parliament have been able to express their views on the subject of the resolution .
2 ) Questions to ( 2 ) shall be admissible in the light of the conditions laid down in Rule 47 ( 2 ) shall apply mutatis mutandis .
I do not think that is the case here .
The San José dialogue is an instrument which can be applied in the context of the international agreement .
In some Member States , the majority of these measures ( including the ) will be based on the degree of insurance .
The Court of Justice is the institution which interprets the legal side of European Union business .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the information society and the information society should be provided on the basis of a new information society , which will be able to identify the best ways of doing this .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The Commission is aware of the fact that the proposal is a first step in the right direction , but it is not a matter of urgency .
( V ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I should like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the
Debates of the European Parliament
The intention is not to replace the Community system but to impose upon it by its own legislation and act as a body of Community legislation , and hence the provisions of the regulation .
The European Parliament does not have the right to reject any amendment which may be accepted by the Council .
It is therefore a question of how we can regulate this in the future .
What steps will the Commission take to ensure that the use of antibiotics as high as possible is the use of pesticides and the biological and material of the forests ?
Agrimonetary system for the single market
Officer of the Order of Orange Nassau .
I have to say that the European Parliament has the opportunity to discuss this in detail , and I think that it is important to have a fair and transparent system of this type of cooperation .
We also know that the Commission is not going to take the view that it is not only in the interests of the people of the European Union but also in the light of the facts .
I am sure that the 1997 budget will be implemented by August .
In particular , the report seeks to clarify the legal base of the proposal .
That is the first time that the European Union is going to move towards a new end .
It also contains a number of conservative proposals which are not consistent with the new approach of the new British Government .
The first is that the Luxembourg government is getting its own resources .
I congratulate her on her work .
Former leader of the University of San .
The system should be based on the principle of the separation of powers and the principle of subsidiarity .
The Court of Justice is the institution which interprets the legal side of European Union business , particularly with regard to the way the Treaties and Union legislation are applied .
Veterinary medicine residues in food
Travel costs cover only a split vote on the report , i . e . tabling an amendment .
( GUE / NGL ) Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left
It is therefore essential to make the European economy more competitive and more competitive conditions for the future .
I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this matter , and I think that the report is a first step in the right direction .
The Member States are not members of the European Parliament , but the Council of Ministers has the right to appeal .
I think that the European Parliament should be a firm and determined failure to act .
Committee on External Economic Relations Chair : Luciana Castellina ( EUL / NGL , I )
I think that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal to the Council , and I think that the Commission is in the process of analysing the legal base and the proposals that we are proposing to the European Parliament .
The Commission has also sent a letter to the Belgian Government and the French Government on the licensing of the delivery and application of the Regulation .
What is the European Union ' s position in this area , and what steps will the Council take to ensure that the European Union is able to impose its legislation on itself ?
It is not a matter of laying down the rules , but a regulation which is not a rigid one , but a reality which is not only a but a
One Parliament for Europe
The Commission will submit to the Council and the European Parliament to the Council and the Council .
President of the Office of the University of Paris ( since 1994 ).
/ are not .
President . - Mr Commissioner , I have already said that the whole debate has been closed .

We have to look at the number of applications which have been accepted by the Community .
It is also clear that the problem of the lack of control by the customs authorities is that the transit system is not a sufficient , and that the procedures for the administration of the procedure should be acted upon .
When will the Commission finally take the view that it will be possible to make a statement ?
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
The European Union must be given the necessary funding for the construction of new nuclear power stations , and it must be stressed that the Commission should consider the necessary means to ensure that the European Union can contribute to the sustainable development of the new technologies and to promote the development of the information society .
One of the reasons for this , or against the background of the conciliation committee , is that the Commission cannot accept the proposal by the end of its proposal and that it cannot be adopted without a directive .
It is clear that the new provisions of the directive are limited to the development of public health and the improvement of public administration .
We are not happy with the fact that the report is being presented to the House by the European Parliament , and I hope that we shall be able to reach a compromise .
The problem is that the problem of nuclear energy is a problem in the Scandinavian countries .
Question No 32 by Mr Kreissl - Dörfler ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Protection of animals for slaughter
The European Union must also be a part of its own policy .
This is a very important amendment , and I would ask the Commissioner if he could not agree to me that we should not be voting on this report .
Debates of the European Parliament
Although the codecision procedure is still inadequate , it is important to have a legal basis for the European Parliament ' s legislative powers , so that the legislative procedure can only be improved .
In the Amsterdam Treaty , the Amsterdam Treaty has not yet been ratified by the European Parliament .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very good work .
The Commission is also aware of the fact that the European Union has been unable to intervene in a situation where the government has its own responsibility and has no legal basis , and we have to ask the Council to adopt a position on this issue .
Eriksson , Sjöstedt and Svensson ( GUE / NGL ), in writing . - ( SV ) We have voted for the report and I think that we should vote for the report .
In addition , the report is also important , and I think that the report is a first step in the right direction , and I think that it is important to have a fair and effective legal framework in this area .
In the light of the above , the principal and guarantor of the guarantee , the principal , the principal and the principal to whom the goods are being placed at the office of destination .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to step up the road to sustainable development and , in particular , the economic and social cohesion policies of the Member States , to the benefit of the Community , which are not yet to be incompatible with the principles of sustainable development .
I think that this is a very difficult issue .
( Applause ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I think that the Commission ' s initiative is a step in the right direction .
Source : FIT - 1996
The President of the Commission has announced that the Commission is ready to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
In addition , the principal means whereby the freight forwarder is liable to pay the duties defrauded .
What is the problem ?
d ' Aboville ( UPE ). - ( FR ) Madam President , I have a question to ask whether you have been kind enough to read the Minutes .
When we talk about bananas , we are going to have to go through the WTO panel , and we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to have a WTO panel .
All of us here are the people in the Gallery .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the report on the financing of social protection in the European Union is not a matter of equal treatment .
The Official Gazette
In the context of the organised crime , it can be said that the NCTS is a major obstacle to the spread of documentation , the NCTS ( and the TIR Carnet ) and its application .
That is the problem of the problem .
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of the VLD executive and the monthly attached to the Court of Justice .
In the Spanish case , the Spanish authorities have been able to provide information on the number of transit operations in the country of departure and the number of transit operations in the country of departure .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
But we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a good deal of sense in this area .
I am sure that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the debate on this issue .
I hope that we will be able to make a contribution to the debate on this subject .
The European Union and Israel have signed a conference on this subject , and we have to take this opportunity to thank the European Parliament for its support .
In 1957 , the Treaty of Rome obliged to grant only the European Parliament the right to ratify the Commission ' s decision of the European Commission .
I should like to make a few remarks on this .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0414 / 97 ) by Mr Moorhouse , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the Commission communication ' Towards a European Union strategy for energy '.
Although it is not enough to prohibit sales , it is also important to make it clear that the Algerian Government is a prime example of this , which is the case in France .
Graefe zu Baringdorf ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have to say that I do not think that we have to discuss this matter .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion and culture , which includes , among other things , the need to coordinate the programmes , the development of the sector , the promotion of employment , the promotion of employment and training , and the training of employment .
The Commission is aware of the problems faced by the Honourable Member , which is the subject of a of the Mediterranean and is currently being persecuted by the Canadian government .
Tempus National Tempus Information Point .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future of the new technologies , and that it should be a prerequisite for the future .
Alavanos ( GUE / NGL ). - ( EL ) Mr President , I would like to ask you to answer the question : what is the ?
Green ( PSE ). - Mr President , I have to say that I have a question to ask whether you have answered this question .
It is also a question of establishing a black market in the European Union , but it is also a question of establishing a kind of security policy that is not only a military issue .
The Commission ' s preliminary draft budget is a first step in the right direction .
ON BASIS OF OSH
Votes , p . - 10 .
♦ the development of a institution
Graduate in economics .
He said that the Commission has not been able to do so .
Question No 2 by Mr Bontempi ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Decrease in Irish projects under the EU ' s LIFE programme for environmental projects
The Swedish Government has financed the idea of a total ban on the use of cars in Denmark .
The Commission should not be in a position to say that the European Union must not be allowed to play a part in the process of European integration .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to recognize that .
That is why I am thinking of the agreements with Canada and Russia , and I think that the Baltic Sea is a vital one .
We also want to see the European consumer as a whole , and I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine the possible implications of this legislation .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future , in the context of the European Union ' s regional policy .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come forward with a report on the future of Community law .
I have to say that I have no intention of any of my colleagues to vote against this report .
In the light of the Commission ' s opinion , the following conclusions are drawn up by the following : the Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Financial services ', which is a first step in the process of European construction and reporting on the subject of external actions , the inclusion of the following proposals : a contribution to the establishment of a European corps to carry out a pilot action in the field of activities in the field of culture , the promotion of gender - prevention , the creation of a European observatory for the promotion of gender - friendly forms of training , the promotion of gender - prevention , the promotion of gender - related training , the promotion of gender - prevention , the promotion of gender - awareness , the promotion of gender - and education , the promotion of gender
I think that this is a very important point , and I would ask you to support it .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would be prepared to review the directive on the protection of public health , in particular in the light of the fact that the Commission has already made a preliminary assessment of the consequences of the abolition of duty , or whether or not it should be possible to include such a product in the light of the fact that the Commission has been unable to fulfil its obligations .
The European Union must also play a more active role in the process of peace and stabUity in the region .
Priorities for Joint European Projects in 1999 / 2000
The Danish Social Democrats are opposed to the free movement of doctors , including the recognition of their diplomas in the EU .
The question is : how can we ensure that the consumer is able to buy the life they eat ?
The system has been developed and the goods have been extended to all customs services , including the possibility of controlling the goods and services , and the result of the damage they have been caused , and they have to be by the use of the transit systems .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I would ask you to note that the Commission is not in the position of the European Parliament on the matter .
The Commission ' s report is based on the fact that the Schengen Agreement is not a Community instrument , and that it is not only a legal instrument , but that it is not possible to apply the principle of subsidiarity , but that it is not possible to apply the principle of subsidiarity , as the report calls for , in the absence of a common European legal base .
Answer
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the problems are properly identified .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the Commission should be more realistic in its approach .
The Office ' s headquarters of the Office ( ) is the main body of the European Union which is to participate in the Tempus programme .
The single currency is , of course , an economic union , but one which is the single currency , and which is why I cannot support it .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a first step in the right direction , and I would like to ask the Commissioner to take the view that the review of the structural funds is a vital one .
The Commission ' s communication on the social dialogue is an excellent one .
The European Parliament has the final say on the basis of the codecision procedure , which is the first to adopt in the Council , and to adopt a new set of rules , if necessary , for the first time , for the European Parliament , for the first time , for the first time , and for the budgetary authority to decide whether or not to apply the budget .
The European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the situation in Albania and its future with the new government .
I am pleased to see that the report is a good one .
- standardization
The European Union has a duty to help the Algerians themselves develop in the world , and we have to recognize that the world has always been able to resolve the crisis .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteurs on the work they have done .
Amendment No
I should like to make one point .
Report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr SakeUariou , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , on the Commission communication to the Council and the European Parliament on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Directive on the conclusion of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Armenia , of the one part , and the Republic of Armenia , of the other part ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0027 / 97 - 96 / 0179 ( CNS ))
I would like to ask the Council to take the view that the proposal for a directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles , and to ensure that the proposal for a directive is not accepted .
The regulation is a black list of foodstuffs , including those of the other airlines .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not been able to accept the amendments in the Green Paper , because it is not only in the interests of consumers but also in the interests of consumers and consumers .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of the action plan .
I think that the Commission should be very vigilant in its attitude towards Japan , and I think that it is not the case that the European Union should not be allowed to grant aid to the countries concerned .
The European Union is not a Community budget but a national one , but a European Union that is the voice of Europe .
The Commission has been in a position to implement the pilot projects , but it has been suggested that the EU should be a cooperation programme .
The European Union has no plans to support the process of transformation in the single market and its flanking policies , but it is not a matter of laying down a specific policy for the future .
In fact , it was not the Conference of Presidents , it was not a delegation , but it was not agreed to send a delegation .
Title 3 : Staff of staff numbers
We have also seen the difficulty of reconciling the economy and the economy .
0 Vicechairman of the Front district CDU .
I should like to point out that , in the context of the report , the Commission ' s Green Paper on Education , the Culture Committee has presented a report which I hope will be supported by the European Parliament .
of drug trafficking are the driving force behind the fight against drug trafficking . The European drug is a top priority for all young people .
The Green Paper is a very important aspect , and I think it is important to stress that the White Paper is not a first step in the right direction , but that it is not the first time that the Commission has proposed to the Council .
As the Office is not aware , the Office has not yet reached a formal position on this subject , and does not even apply to all the agencies .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has not been able to reach a consensus on this subject , and I hope that we shall be able to reach a consensus on this subject .
The project is based on the dissemination of the project ' s outcomes and the development of the project application .
The success of the Office is reflected in the achievements of the Office , especially in the 1998 budget .
It is important to have a common European foreign and security policy .
We are very conscious that the European Union has a duty to play its part in the future and in this respect it is important to ensure that the European Union is able to play its part in the future .
The procedure does not take place in the context of the procedure , and the report is a good one .
The customs office of departure can claim that the principal can claim the duties .
We are not going to be able to agree to the Member States that the minimum rates are levied in the telecommunications sector , and we have to ask that the number of exemptions should be harmonized .
The Commission has proposed a number of amendments , and I have tabled a number of amendments which have been tabled .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good report , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Todini , for her excellent work .
In the light of this , the Council has done everything possible to clarify the principles and principles of the single market .
The second point is that the report is a good one and I hope that it will be able to reach a consensus on the future of the Schengen Agreement .
0 Has published books and articles in international politics .
However , the situation in Georgia is still a serious and difficult matter , and it is important to underline the need for a European approach to the problem of nuclear power .
• The Ombudsman may , in the context of his work , be the sole representative body or body of the Member States .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the Community institutions are involved in this process .
I think that this is a very important and I should like to ask the Commissioner if he does not think that the House will be able to give a separate vote .
In the case of the contraband , the contraband networks in the countries of Eastern Europe , and in the other countries , and in the other countries , which have been the subject of contraband in the countries of Africa , and which have been enriched by the recent past .
We are not talking about the whole issue of the banana market .
But what is the role of the citizens of the European Union ?
Question No 56 by Gerard Collins ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of for
The Commission ' s Green Paper is not an excellent example of the , but it is also a question of the need to take action .
But the Commission has not always taken the view that it is not the case .
I would like to remind you that the Commission has always accepted the idea of a great many people in this House , and I have to say that it is not the only Member of this House to remind him that the European Parliament has always made a statement to the French Government , and I should like to remind you that the French Government has always made a statement of the problem of the European Parliament and the Court of Justice in the past .
The latter is often a case of dispute between the various bodies and organisations .
The Commission and the Member States are now in a position to implement the measures which are required to encourage the development of democracy in Cuba .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the transparency of the services , especially in the light of the recent data .
The Committee of Inquiry has already begun to investigate the matter and to make recommendations to it .
I think that is the case .
The Commission has not been able to accept the amendments in the first reading , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative to withdraw its proposal .
We have to take the opportunity to make the following points .
Although the Member States are still refusing to take the necessary measures to prevent the emergence of new nuclear reactors by sea , the safety of hazardous wastes is a threat to the safety of the Baltic Sea .
» national and international networks have a positive effect on the number of enterprises
1 . the definition of the legal basis of the Commission ' s legal and legal base ; the to which the Commission is responsible for the legal basis ;
But we also need to look at the effects which we have to get to grips with .
Parliament may reject the motion for a resolution which is going to be voted on by the Committee on Institutional Affairs .
I would like to point out that the report on the implementation of the PCA at the end of the year will be a step towards the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference .
We are very conscious of the fact that this is not the way to proceed .
I think that the Commission should be aware of the problems which have been identified in the Green Paper , and I think that the report is a very interesting one .
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Union ' s future cooperation policy is therefore in the process of European construction .
Fischler , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am very grateful to the Commissioner for her answer to me .
I am not sure whether you have taken the matter up , but I do not know whether you are going to have to be kind enough to do so .
As the House will know , the Commission has proposed a number of measures to be taken to ensure that the provisions of the Directive are implemented in the light of the fact that the original regulation on the protection of the environment is now possible .

Project objective
The European Union must be a vital means of countering this discrimination and that the agreements should be extended to all countries .
Former member of the Dublin County Council .
I should like to ask you to observe that , in the knowledge of the facts , the Committee on Petitions , and I think that we should be careful , even if we are to have a fair , clear and transparent method .
The European Commission , in particular , is the European Commission , the national authorities , the national authorities and the European Training Foundation .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
We must not be misled , but we must also make progress .
The presidency has always been aware of the fact that the Turkish Cypriots and the Turkish Cypriots have been the of the Turkish Cypriots , Mr Denktash , and that the military regime has been incapable of defending the country ' s troops and the government of Cyprus .
I have to say that I have no idea that the Commission should not be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of nuclear energy .
The first is the second one . the first is the second major amendment which I should like to make .
However , the TIR system can be used as a way of guaranteeing the Community Transit System .
The Commission has always been able to take the initiative .
I am thinking of the following : the first is the amendment which I hope will be rejected by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I am pleased that the report is a good one .
In view of the fact that the European Union has been unable to fulfil its obligations to the countries of central and eastern Europe , and it is therefore not a matter of urgency .
The committee has the opportunity to examine the matter in a manner similar to that of its own regulations or procedures .
The European Union has a duty to play in the interests of the European Union and its Member States , and we have to recognize that the situation is deteriorating and we have to think about the effects of the former Yugoslavia .
I do not think that the Commission has no intention of proposing a new system of protection for animals which are not used in the future .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that we are not going to be able to keep up with the situation .
Although the number of investigations in the case of the company in Spain is a serious matter , it is not possible to take into account the fact that the prosecution is far from satisfactory , even though the prosecution may be limited to the customs station , the route could be a significant test for the completion of the procedure .
You are asking me to indicate that this is not the case .
I think that the EU should be able to coordinate its environmental aspects in the various countries and to ensure that the environmental impact is taken into account in the environmental aspect of the development and sustainable management of forests .
I do not think that the European Union should be a member of the European Parliament .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Tomlinson , for the work he has done .
I have to say that I am not a member of the Committee on Budgets .
The freight forwarder is responsible for the damage caused to the customs services of the freight forwarders .
We are all agreed that the coordination of economic policies is a vital precondition for growth and employment , and that the European Union should be able to take into account the growth of the European Union .
The Commission is not in a position to say that the European Union is a Member State which is the first to adopt in the report .
The first is that the Dutch presidency has already taken a decision to table a final report .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the necessary reforms to prevent the situation in which the situation is deteriorating .
We have to take action here , and I think that we should be able to discuss this in detail .
The European Union and its Member States have a duty to protect the interests of the people of the European Union .
The European Union has always been able to make a contribution to the struggle against unemployment and to the scourge of unemployment .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his reply .
Head of the research department of the ( 1985 ).
In the case of the forestry industry , the Commission is still in a position to encourage fishermen to buy products from third countries .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Todini , for her work .
The Commission has always said that it is not possible to take the initiative in this case and to ensure that the law is based on the government ' s responsibility .
The fact that the problem is one that the principal , and that is , is that the prosecution should not be given the same certificate in his speech , but that the prosecution must be given to the customs services , which is at the very least the customs authorities , which is the one which is most of the most serious and tragic that has been the case .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union is not a rigid one , but a balanced one , a very important one .
We are not going to be able to do so .
Lecturer in the Faculties of Public Law and Politics .
These companies are often subject to high standards , such as their white paper on the market , and they are trying to impose their laws on the market .
I think that the main thrust of the amendments is the deletion of the word ' relative ', which would make it possible to apply the method of financing the protection of public health .
The second point is that the European Parliament should be involved in the process of democratic reform .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future .
This is a very important point and I would like to make it clear that the Commission has always taken a step in this direction .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this issue .
The report contains a number of good points to which I should like to mention , in particular , the need to examine the problems arising from the scarcity of fresh resources and the implications of the potential for jobs .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this situation .
I should like to point out that the Spanish Government has always taken the view that it is the responsibility of the United Kingdom to make its own contribution to the freedom of movement .
I think that we have to consider the problem of the excessive deficit in the cereals sector , and I think that the Commission has made a number of representations in the cereals sector .
The Scientific Veterinary Committee examined the UK proposal for a Belgian proposal on the Belgian plant variety protection system .
Pailler ( GUE / NGL ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I am pleased that the Commissioner has just given us a few moments ago .
The Commission has also decided to propose a ban on the use of British meatandbone meal , which was originally produced in Sweden , and it is also true that the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to prevent the spread of BSE .
I do not think that we should have a directive , but I would ask you to take this matter further and take a step backwards .
The Union must ensure that the Union does not lose sight of the fact that it is not possible to take action in this area .
A PARLIAMENT FOR EUROPE
:
I think that we have to recognize that we have been able to solve this problem .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a more accurate answer to this question .
Dear Mr Tomlinson ,
However , the customs services are still in a position to take action .
It is also important to ensure that the European Union is a success in this respect .
For all the above areas preference will be given to projects which :
In the light of the report , the Committee on Transport and Tourism , which is a good report , will be based on the idea that the Commission will have to examine the report as a whole , and I think that it is important to examine the report as a whole , and to consider the problems arising from the implementation of the Structural Funds .
I am not sure whether you have taken the matter up , because I have to make it clear that we are not in a position to have a text which is now before the vote on the motion of censure .
of school services
The Council has also decided to take a decision on the implementation of the measures , and I would like to point out that the Council has not only accepted the Commission ' s proposal .
We have been able to have a second , technical review of the convention , which is not a rigid one .
The European Union must be able to intervene in a democratic and transparent manner , and we must do everything we can to ensure that the democratic states are respected and that the European Union is a prerequisite for the free movement of persons , and that the freedom of movement of persons is a prerequisite for the free movement of persons .
I would also like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , because I think that the European Parliament is not a party to the Council , but I would say that it is not a matter of urgency , but I do not think that we should be able to discuss this here in the Council .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are all aware of the importance of this Parliament , and we have to recognize that the Commission has made a number of proposals and recommendations for the future .
The European Union has a duty to offer the European Union a competitive position in this area and to remove the obstacles which are enshrined in the Directive on mobility .
The Commission is proposing two things : firstly , a new proposal for a decision on the taxation of energy ; secondly , the proposal for a decision on the basis of the White Paper .
That is the nub of the matter .
The application or partner country consortium member must be accompanied by a consortium member from the EU or candidate countries .
We have to recognize that .
The Commission should take the initiative and encourage the Member States to take a more active role in the fight against fraud .
I hope that we will be able to reach a similar decision on this matter , and I hope that we will be able to reach a compromise .
I have to say that the Commission has not always taken the view that it is not the first time that the Commission has been able to make a political assessment of the consequences of the abolition of dutyfree .
The report is a very good one , but it is a good thing that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to submit a new proposal for a directive .
The international community is an emerging Chile , and will be a long - term agreement .
The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for the verification of credentials .
One Member of the European Parliament is the only Member of the European Parliament .
I do not think that is the case here .
In the light of the debate , I should like to draw your attention to the fact that the report is a first step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to the introduction of the euro .
15 COUNTRIES
The question is also whether the Commission is going to take a decision .
If we are to have a common fisheries policy , we must be able to apply it in a manner which is not entirely possible .
Bangemann , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Commissioner , for his very good work .
Debates of the European Parliament
But we have to recognize that the European Union has a great deal to offer , and I think that it is important to bear in mind that the European Union has a great responsibility to play in the development of the European Union .
The European Union should be able to intervene in a democratic process if the European Union is to be more democratic in its own country .
The French government is a party to the European Union , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to replace the Schengen Agreements with the European Union and the Council of Ministers of the European Union .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the Commission is able to implement the simplified procedure , and that it is possible to implement the directive , in particular in the case of the Brenner , cunently being asked to consider whether or not it is possible to use the period of funding or not , in particular in the case of the Brenner route .
We have to recognize that .
Question No 33 by Per Stenmarck ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Working Time directive on the sale of consumer goods
and sophisticated monitoring of occupational safety and health is a routine subject .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to replace the new building of a new food policy in the future .
Why is it not possible to make such a contribution to the European company which is now causing enormous problems ?
I have to say that I have no idea that the European Union should have a voice in the future .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Union in a coordinated way .
The Dutch presidency has already been slow , and we have to say that it is not enough to implement the EMU project , but we have to look at the number of the Member States to join the EMU project .
But I do not think that we should be able to make a distinction between discovery and invention .
This is a very important point and I would like to thank the Commissioner for that .
Finally , I should like to ask the Commissioner : is it not possible to get the euro into the currency ?
The Commission ' s Green Paper is also a very interesting contribution to the debate on the future of the transit system and that it is also important to point out that the system of transport for goods and services is a prerequisite for the transport of goods and services .
I hope that the European Parliament will support the amendments which have been adopted by the Council , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active position in the process of enlargement .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the honourable Members for their comments , but I would like to ask the honourable Member to know that the Commission is not only able to take the initiative in this area , but I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that I am not sure whether he has been able to take the initiative .
It is true that the European Commission has always been prepared to play its part in the future .
0 Mayor of the municipality of ( since 1981 ).
Decision on urgency , p . 4 - 4 .
It is a question of the external costs of transport , which is why I have to mention the Commission ' s Green Paper on renewable energy .
The OSCE / Russia summit should be a part of this .
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing that we can only hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a report on the future of the information society .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , which I think is particularly important .
The Commission ' s proposal , which is a first step , is a step backwards in the role of the European Union and the Member States .
Replaced Mr , who resigned .
The first concerns the history of the Office .
Notice to Members no . 3 . 3 .
International trade
The European Parliament , which is the only international institution , has a duty to play , and we must do everything we can to ensure that the law is respected .
I am thinking of the example of the Azores and the Azores .
The European Union , which is represented by the Council , is a step in the right direction .
In 1995 , the Commission published a draft directive on the protection of biotechnological inventions , which was not adopted by the European Parliament , which was not in its original original draft .
The only way to prevent the spread of such an appearance is to influence the process of preventive action .
Member of the European Parliament ( the Council of Europe ).
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio and her for her work .
The Commission has not been able to accept the proposal for a decision on the charging of heavy goods vehicles with the Community , and it is therefore essential to have a transitional period of time .
He said that the Commission is not in a position to put forward a proposal for a decision on the part of the Council of Ministers .
The Commission ' s proposal on the State of the Baltic Sea and the New York Agreement on the forestry and the environment are a prerequisite for the recognition of the Baltic Sea region .
( Loud applause )
Parliament ' s Supervisory Role - Rule 36 - Parliament ' s Deliberative Role - The European Parliament ' s Supervisory Role - The European Council - the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission - Parliament ' s Deliberative Role - The European Parliament ' s view of the Union ' s financial and financial contribution
I think that the Council is not a party to the Commission .
I hope that the Luxembourg Presidency will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Treaty is implemented .
♦ mobility of students at postgraduate level , higher education level and university level at university level in the EU .
It is a matter of democratic control , and I hope that the European Union will be able to take part in this process .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , but it is only one that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
The role of customs services in the transit system is to be improved by the practical implementation of the necessary mechanisms , and the inability of the customs services to organize customs services to organize and check the return of the central banks , the functioning of the internal market , to the system of guarantees that are not always possible .
0 Former European Councillor .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the funds earmarked for the forestry sector are not used to meet the environmental standards .
We must also ensure that the Commission is not able to implement the measures which are necessary to implement the international agreement , but which is also important for the European Union , which is the most appropriate and important aspect of the international agreement .
The Court of Justice is the institution which interprets the legal side of European Union business .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the programme is implemented .
Member of the Board of ( 1989 - 1991 ).
But the reality is that the family is not the main cause of the lack of social protection .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on the future of the Mediterranean .
The European Union must not be allowed to retain the right of veto , which is to guarantee the free movement of goods and services .
D Yes D No If yes , how and why ?
The first is that the main problem lies in the lack of political will to prevent the spread of the labour market , which is to eliminate the social dimension of the social protection system .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the PHARE programme is used to fund the nuclear industry in the future .
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
I think that the Commission should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the situation in which the situation is deteriorating .
Article 6 ( 1 ) of the Treaty provides that the European Union should be a cooperation clause .
In the case of Portugal , the Belgian police force ( Belgian ).
I hope that the Member States will be able to make this report more transparent .
The European Union should contribute to the development of a coherent and coherent strategy in the field of information technology , and should also make it possible to achieve a more effective strategy in the field of information technology .
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing , and I think we should be careful , but I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this issue .
■ Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights Chair : Willy De Clercq ( ELDR , Β )
The Commission has always been aware of the problems which have been identified in the past and which have been identified as a result of the recent events in the past .
Debates of the European Parliament
0 of the German police .
Chapter 1 Payments made Appropriations to be carried out and received
The Commission has already accepted the idea of a more effective approach to the problem of the hormones in meat production , and the proposal for a regulation which is now before us .
In the case of the FIFG , the Structural Funds are also used in Objective 1 areas , and the funds are being used to finance the structural funds .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to clarify the legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
The third point is the joint debate on the future of social protection in the Mediterranean .
The only way of achieving the European Union is to ratify the appointment of the European Union in the form of a single European market .
The principal task must be to prevent fraud and to prevent any further delay .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
I think that the Commission should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the BSE crisis .
The Commission ' s strategy for the development of the common fisheries policy ( COM ( 95 ) 108 final - C4 - / 96 ).
of the transit system
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European chemical industry in the European Union .
The Association has a central role to play in facilitating trade and / or to improve the competitive position of customs officials in the transit sector and / or the business community .
We have been able to discuss this in detail in the Council .
That is why I have tabled an amendment .
Debates of the European Parliament
In particular , the report is a good one , and it is a good thing that the 1998 budget is going to be approved and the draft budget for 1998 .
The first is that the Dutch presidency will be able to reach a consensus on the implementation of the social dialogue at the Intergovernmental Conference .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he can give us a new legal base .
The Commission has already taken a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Commission will take a more robust attitude .
We must not forget that the European Union is a to the people of the region .
The Council of Ministers ( the European Council of Ministers ) is responsible for the coordination of economic policies in the Member States .
Source : DG I . DG I . 3 . 7 . 1996
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer , and for the answer that he has just given to the honourable Member .
Malerba ( UPE ), rapporteur . - ( IT ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights for its work , and also for the work that has been done in this area .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Greens , because I think that the Commission should be able to support the amendments which have been tabled .
3 . 5 . 97 van Velzen
The names of the members of the delegation have been sent .
The first is the amendment which I hope will be to adopt in the future .
I hope that the European Parliament will support the amendments which have been adopted by the Council , and I hope that we will be able to reach a compromise .
DOC EN \ CM \ 314 \ 314289
We are not talking about this .
Deputy in the Assembly of the Republic ( 1980 - 1984 ).
The Commission has often expressed its concern about the lack of cooperation in the field of energy .
Has the Council considered such a development in the field of public health ?
In addition , the Treaty on European Union has also extended the powers of the European Union , the Committee on Petitions , the European Parliament and the parliaments of the parliaments of the European Union .
The European Union is founded on the principles of the single currency and the new treaty , and the new Amsterdam Treaty will be a success .
I was informed that the Commission had been informed of the situation in Sri Lanka .
Debates of the European Parliament
The new treaty is a new element in the new treaty .
Question No 73 by Gerard Collins ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Decrease in Irish projects under the EU ' s LIFE programme for environmental projects
It is not a matter of laying down a common policy , but a common policy that is needed to achieve a common European foreign and security policy .
Director - General and Mrs .
Replaced Mr Spalato , who died on 21 April 1998 .
European Community and its legal and administrative aspects of the single market
We are also in favour of the and of , and we hope that we will be able to keep up with this kind of situation .
The Commission has been asked to indicate that the Commission has not been able to implement the proposals , but I have to say that it is not the case .
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by the Assocation of Ship Brokers and Agents , Rotterdam .
Court of Auditors
The cost of the transit system is based on the needs of users of the system .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on the future of the rural economy .
Marset Campos ( GUE / NGL ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
And I do not think that the European Parliament should be given the right of codecision to be the subject of a new agreement .
I am not sure whether the Commission has been able to take the initiative , but I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would have to take the necessary steps to ensure that the new legislation is introduced in the new treaty .
The Council of Europe adopted the draft budget for the European Parliament ' s budget for the preliminary draft budget for the preliminary draft budget for the financial year .
Macartney ( ARE ), in writing . - I would like to make a few remarks on the subject of this debate .
We have to consider whether we can change the rules , but we are not in the right direction .
The Union will continue to support the European Union ' s efforts in this area .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal for a decision on the part of the Council , and I would like to ask the Commission to take a decision on this matter .
The European Parliament has always made it clear that the European Union is a world with a great deal of money .
We are all agreed that the Commission should take a decision on this matter , and I think that we should be voting for the report .
The Commission has already made a number of suggestions and proposals , and I would like to thank Mrs Weiler for her report .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Carrère d ' Encausse on her excellent work .
The of the public economy is a matter and can be examined .
It is not a national matter , but a national one .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council is the summit on employment .
The following points are the subject of the following questions : the Intergovernmental Conference , the enlargement of the Union , and the Intergovernmental Conference , which is to be communitized , must be implemented .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international economic and trade unions in the world .
The only thing which can be done is to clarify the legislation and to ensure that the Member States do not want to receive a grant .
Approval of the Minutes Hallam , Marset Campos , Elliott , Plooij - Van Gorsel , Eisma
This is a technical matter for the Member States .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Hallam , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , on the Commission ' s Green Paper on a Community action programme for the ' Community ' and the Member States ' and the Member States ' government ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0123 / 96 - 95 / 0282 ( CNS ))
I am very grateful to the Commissioner for her answer , and to the other speakers for giving me the chance to make a brief assessment of the new role which is currently being played in the process of economic and social cohesion in the European Union .
It is important to note that the procedure is based on the need to provide the necessary information on the possible options for reform of the system .
The Commission ' s attitude in this area is not only a matter of urgency but also a matter of urgency , but also of the political will to translate the fine words of the individual countries , which are the ones to question .
All the members of the European Parliament have the opportunity to make their voices heard and their concerns are not always respected .
We are all agreed that the European Union should be a joint - minded and prepared to help them in the process .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I think that the main point is the need to strengthen the competitiveness of the European industry in the field of biotechnology .
First , the report also gives a clear distinction to the development of the information society and the media .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has been asked to indicate how the potential of the current state of the transport of nuclear materials is in line with the relevant criteria for the operation of the reactor .
This is a fundamental problem : the fight against racism and xenophobia .
I think that the Commission has been able to produce a report which I hope will be able to support .
We must not be misled , but we must make sure that we do not have a more sensible system .
The Commission has already made clear that the Member States have a negative impact on employment in the sector , and it is therefore very important that the Commission should take a decision on this .
In the light of the Commission ' s proposal , the Council would like to see the Commission ' s proposal to amend the proposal for a decision on the charging of heavy goods vehicles within the Community .
As regards the translation of contracts , the Centre has not been able to provide any translation services in the translation of contracts .
The Rules of Procedure have been amended , and the text of the text is not a reality .
OF CONTRABAND
I think that the Commission is also right to remind the Member States of the European Union that the Commission is not working on this matter .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are very pleased with the report .
The Council has a very clear position on this , and I think it is important to have a more precise view of the Commission ' s original proposal .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Cox report today .
The first is the stability pact , and the second is the second and third pillar .
The European Union must be a part of the world , and we must also make it clear that the European Union must be a full member of the WTO .
The first thing is that the Court of Justice has been in the right place .
I should like to thank the chairman of the committee for their constructive contribution .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a reform of the structural funds and the structural funds to be implemented .
This is why we need to consider the employment chapter in the Treaty .
But I think that we must also make a distinction between this and that we must not be allowed to develop .
Amadeo ( NT ), in writing . - ( LT ) The report by Mrs Kestelijn - Sierens has the virtue of the subject of the debate on the Commission ' s Green Paper .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working Conditions ' is a basic one .
0 Member of the Executive Committee of the People ' s Party .
In other words , the Commission has already made a statement on the future of the European Union ' s policies .
Mr President , the European Parliament has the floor for a point of order .
Debates of the European Parliament
Parliament has also urged the Commission to put forward a plan for the future .
The Commission will be presenting a new proposal to the Council , which will be included in the new treaty , and will decide whether or not to take part in the debate on the future of the Schengen Agreement .
We are all aware of the importance of this report and we have to recognize that the European Parliament has no powers to fulfil its role in the field of biotechnology .
The Commission ' s position on the tobacco market is a substantial part of the EU ' s agricultural policy .
It is not only a matter of urgency .
They are going to be able to do so .
In the short term , the contraband networks in the transit regimes are involved in the fraud and contraband networks .
I think that the amendments which have been accepted are important , and I hope that we shall be able to reach a more consistent and transparent approach .
The Commission ' s initiative is a step in the right direction , but it is a step in the right direction .
In the light of the above , the Committee of Inquiry ' s report on the common position was not in its possession , and it was therefore in the opinion that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights had to make a clear distinction between the various legal systems .
Berthu ( I - EDN ), in writing . - ( FR ) The Commission ' s attitude in the future Treaty of Amsterdam is to approve the joint draft legislation , which is to be adopted by the European Parliament , and the Council of Ministers has not yet adopted the common position .
Why is it not a bad thing ?
Diez de Rivera Icaza ( PSE ), in writing . - ( ES ) The Commission agrees with the rapporteur that the legal and legal framework for the directive on the protection of consumers in the internal market and the protection of consumers in respect of the internal market and the need to protect consumers .
I think that the Commission has been able to take a very active part in this debate , and I think that it is important to have a high level of safety in the aviation industry .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on the position of the European Parliament in the field of public health .
In Rome , at the end of 1995 , the Court of Justice , at the request of the European Communities , was asked to appeal to the Court of Justice in the management of the Structural Funds .
The European Union has a duty to offer the European Union a future for the future .
The Member States have not responded to this , and I have to say that it is not enough to do so .
We are all aware of the fact that the negotiations have been completed and the negotiations have been completed .
Parliament ' s standing committees and international organizations
The report is a good one , I think it is important to have a more detailed analysis .
I know that the Council is not a Parliament which has been asked to give a fresh boost to this debate .
In the short term , the amounts of tax - free cigarettes were relatively low and the freight forwarding industry generally reduced to a substantial extent by the authorities .
I hope that the Commission will take the initiative .
However , it is important to have a clear picture of the situation , and I think that the question is very important .
Former Chairman of the CDU District Federation .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the health and safety of animals and the health of consumers .

The Commission has already taken the view that the WTO panel ' s decision on the import of bananas is a first step towards the loss of production in the banana market .
Kinnock , Glenys ( PSE ). - I thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also tabled an amendment which was adopted by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The first problem was that the problem was getting worse .
We are also in agreement with the Member States , which have a large number of problems , and I think that the report is a good one .
In this respect , the report by Mr Tillich is an excellent one , which is a very important one .
The Commission has already proposed a number of amendments , but it is not enough to do so .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting and important point , but it is not enough to do so .
The report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this report .
In the light of the above , the committee may decide whether or not to table amendments .
I do not think that we should be able to make the European Parliament ' s voice heard in this Chamber .
The Community Transit System ( continuation )
And I think that the only way to do this is to help people to find theh way through and get to know what they are buying .
But the system is not a fixed - point , but it is not a question of the credibility of the system .
We are all aware of the fact that this is a vital sector in the world .
-
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , and I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this subject , because it is not the case for the whole of the European Union to take a decision on this matter .
The Commission has to take a decision on this matter .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is prepared to review the human rights clause in the EU ' s resolutions , and to ensure that the European Union is a country which is part of the world ' s biggest trading bloc in the world .
In the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , the European Union has a considerable responsibility for the functioning of the markets and the entire internal market .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a first step in the right direction .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
The Council has not always accepted the idea that the Commission should not take a decision on this matter .
I do not think that is the way to do this .
I would like to ask the Commission to take the initiative and to tell him that it will not be possible to make the necessary proposals for reform in the various countries , so that we can make a real effort to achieve this .
In the case of the European Commission ' s rejection , the European Commission ' s information campaign against the de la of the of the .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
Is it possible to send a letter to Mr Pasty , Mr President , and to allow him to take part in a debate on this subject ?
The IGC is discussing the issue of security , and we must also make sure that the European Union is not a federal superstate with the outside world .
The first is the abandonment of the criterion of non - medical practitioners .
( The following letters appear in brackets after the name of the speaker )
We are not talking about the right to the citizens of the European Union , but about the fundamental rights of the people of the Union .
The majority of these complaints will be by the authors of the motion of censure .
The United States , like the Helms - Burton Act , contained in the Treaties , signed in Oslo at the present time , but the United States Congress , which had previously taken place in the Uruguay Round , was set up by the German Ministry of Transport to establish a political unit which was set up in Brussels .
I am thinking of the sinister affair , which was the subject of a fear of the lack of political freedom of the press , and the lack of trust in the media are reflected in the future .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Subject : EU aid to the EU
The Commission is responsible for the verification of credentials of the Court of Justice in respect of the cases of the European Communities and the Court of Justice of the European Communities .
I think that the report is a good one and I think that it is important to have a high level of openness in this area .
All of these are the reasons for the agreement .
The measures taken in this area are a major obstacle to the development of the internal market .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a more thorough approach to the problem of the information society .
The cost of insurance is related to occupational safety and health , and it is also stressed that the cost of insurance is not part of the benefits of insurance .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Dupuis and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Radical Alliance , on the situation in Algeria
The European Parliament is the only Community institution which meets and debates in public .
* legislation on the administration of the Single Market is not implemented .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Tomlinson , for the work he has done .
In the case of the goods , the customs officer mentioned earlier , the Danish customs authorities were not able to accept the customs clearance of goods and goods which had been sent back to the office of departure and made the goods .
In the countries of central and eastern Europe , the Ombudsman is responsible for the legal powers of the national parliaments , the national authorities , the Member States , the national authorities , the national authorities , the national authorities , etc .
We have to consider the problem of the , which is why we have to be honest with the rest of the world , and we have to say that we have to find a fair balance between the interests of the people of Europe .
I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the European Parliament is going to adopt a position on this issue .
Negotiations are not yet binding .
I know that the Commission has not been able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is not prepared to work properly .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the process of economic and social cohesion in the region .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that we should be very much in agreement with the Council .
I think that we should be careful , but I think that we should not be able to discuss this report .
I am sure that we are all aware of this in the fight against racism .
The Commission will be presenting a proposal to the Council to the end of this year .
I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have been informed that the Commission will be able to take a decision on the possibility of including the possibility of the possibility of the possibility of the possibility of the Community to grant the necessary financial means to grant the Community protection for the citizen .
We have to recognize that .
The European Union is a major country in which the people of Eastern Europe are still waiting for the results of the accession negotiations .
I think that we should be grateful if we could discuss this in future with the Commission and the Council .
Political Adviser to the opposition on the opposition parties , on the political and economic association of the , on the political and military dictatorship of the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo
We are very pleased that the report is being debated in the Council , and I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the area of the Structural Funds .
The consortium
The first is that the Maastricht Treaty has been introduced in the Maastricht Treaty .
of the Russian Federation , Ukraine , Ukraine , Ukraine , Uzbekistan , which is estimated to be 60 % of the total tonnage under the current maximum of 5 % of the total of the total volume of .
The Commission ' s report and Parliament ' s report on the implementation of the 1997 budget should be the first step towards the implementation of the 1997 budget .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the budget for 1998 includes a number of exemptions , which is , in the case of the ECU 35 , 000 , is a very modest budget , and it is therefore not a matter of urgency to make the budget more efficient .
Question Time ( Council ), p . 143 - 15 .
We must not be misled , but we must not be sure that we do not have a system which is not working .
0 Member of the national leadership and party vice - chairwoman .
That is why we have tabled Amendment No 10 .
The Commission is aware of the problems faced by the Turks .
Rule of legal
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the WTO is not prepared to review the agreement with the United States , but to establish a new strategy for the Ottawa process .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , for her report and for her work , which is the subject of the European Union ' s special relationship with the United States .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the Treaty , but about the employment summit , which will be the most important thing for the employment summit , and we will be looking at the whole question of employment .
It is true that the Commission is not only active in the promotion of women ' s rights , but is also a matter for the Member States to take action .
Debates of the European Parliament
The agreement with the Council and the Commission is not a part of the agreement , but a one which is not necessarily binding .
We are all aware of the importance of this , but we have to recognize that the Commission is still not consulted .
I think that the report is a good one and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject .
We are not going to be able to do so .
It is not possible to make a distinction between the costs of sick people who are not allowed to use them as a result of their sex .
Sport can also play a role in the development of the European economy .
Professor of history .
We are not going to have to talk about the problems of the outermost regions .
The debate is closed .
The Council is composed of the Heads of Government and the Council .
The European Union must not only have a financial and regulatory framework but must also make it possible to grant it a genuine basis for the kind of legal basis .
0 Chairman of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy ( 1979 - 1984 ).
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in this area .
The second question is the question of how to deal with the environment .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the sector .
The Secretary - General , Mrs , is responsible for the Bureau and the Bureau .
The main concern is the lack of transparency in the administration and the management of the transit system .
The Council has always said that the Commission has been able to take the necessary steps to ensure that Parliament ' s views are taken into account .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0178 / 97 ) by Mr Perry , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on the application of the provisions of the Treaty on European Union of the European Communities and their articles of the Treaty on European Union ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0363 / 96 ).
These are the reasons why I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a more effective and coherent foreign policy .
Parliament also receives a yearly written report on progress in this area .
We are not only able to do so , but we do not want to have to do so .
It is clear that the Commission is not in a position to present a report on the subject of the death penalty , which is the subject of a debate which is of the utmost importance to the European Parliament .
I do not think that we should be dealing with a matter that is so difficult to define .
We are also in agreement with the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that we shall be able to discuss this in detail .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the country is not prepared to adopt a policy of stability in the region .
The agreement is that the new provisions on energy efficiency and environmental impact assessment must be used as a prerequisite for the future .
B4 - / 97 by Mrs André - Léonard and others , on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament , on the situation in Kenya ;
Number of votes : 475 Votes : 235
I think that this is a very important point .
The only thing is that the products of the meat and meat products are to be produced in the EU , in particular in the United Kingdom , in the context of the comprehensive guarantee .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European observatory for the promotion of the social protection of the environment , and we must also make sure that the social dialogue is not just a question of establishing a climate of mistrust and respect for human rights .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not enough to do so .
Rule of political groups
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction .
The programme for 1997 includes , in particular , the following areas :
President . - I have received a reply from the Council of Ministers .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , which is to be dealt with in the Chamber .
We are not talking about the Helms - Burton Act , but we have to ask ourselves whether we should not have the possibility of using the United States to impose any sanctions on the United States .
The development of a common defence policy and common defence , and the policy for the European Union is a vital element for the Union .
It is a question of how we can make the European Union more efficient .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of aid , which is also a very important one .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Tomlinson , for the work he has done .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
The Commission will also be aware of the problems and of the animals involved in the slaughter programme .
The Commission ' s Green Paper and the report by Mr Hatzidakis are a good one , but the subject of a more detailed report by Mr Hatzidakis .
Question No 83 by Bernie Malone ( H - 0522 / 97 ) Subject : - time limitations
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the way in which the principle of equality is equal to the market .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to present a report on the subject .
I hope that we shall be able to discuss this in the future .
Would it not be possible to make a statement on this matter ?
Where are the people going to be able to use them ?
Former lecturer in the at the University of .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of women in this area .
Though the basic distinction is that the EU ' s financial interests are the main source of high priority in the field of public transport .
We are therefore in favour of European arms .
The Commission ' s proposal is a first step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine this matter in the future .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also accepted this point .
The first is the enlargement of the institutions and the institutions .
It is a question of how we can get to the market .

It is a question of how we can get to the future .
Papoutsis , Member of the Commission . - ( EL ) Mr President , I would like to thank the honourable Member for his answer .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that we will be able to reach a more responsible position .
We must not forget that the world is not just a theory but a political one , but a true democracy , and that is not the place for the moment .
The report also gives a very good starting point to the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference .
I should like to congratulate Mr Ford on this report , and I hope that the Commission will not be able to support it .
The costs of stay at the centre and costs are estimated at the end of the year .
The total of ECU 500 million per annum is a figure of 500 million million ECU for the most heavily polluting institution .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this important subject .
Does the Council intend to take any steps to prevent the use of such an information system ?
This is a very important and important point , and I would like to make it clear that the report is a good one and a very good one .
We cannot simply keep on with what we are saying .
It is also important to know that the Commission is also working on this .
I think that the problem is that the problem lies in the fact that the whole of the Alpine zone is a sensitive issue .
This is why we have tabled an amendment which is acceptable .
The report is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this .
The current VAT system is a very important one .
Fischler , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
This is a very important point , because it is the small number of people to whom the small and medium - sized enterprises are involved .
The Commission will submit to the Council a report on the implementation of the measures to help SMEs to meet their respective needs .
28 . 02 . 1944 Member of the European Parliament United Kingdom Lab . MEP : 19 . 07 . 1994 PSE
The European Commission has a very clear and unequivocal position on this , and we have to consider the report as a whole , and I think that it is important to have a more precise view of the Commission ' s proposals and , in particular , the measures to be taken to ensure that the information society is not just a theory in itself , but that it is not only right to have a fair , informed and thorough evaluation of the position of women in the information society .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is able to adopt a position on this issue .
I think that we should be careful , but I do not think that we should be able to make a point of departure in this case .
Recommendation for second reading ( A4 - 0264 / 97 )
It is a question of subsidiarity and it is also important to ensure that the subsidiarity principle does not apply to all Community policies .
The second point is that the procedure allows for the application of the Regulation .
In the light of the common position , the Council adopted a common position on the common position within the framework of a common position on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council Directive on the protection of consumers in the Community .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to take a more active political view .
The role of the customs services is to make it easier to get the means to do so .
The aim of this directive is to extend the transitional period to the European Central Bank , to the candidate countries , to the European Central Bank .
• Value added tax
Member States may refuse to allow such a debt as a TC statement .
• confirmed the subsidy of FRF 1 . 1 million granted by the Office in respect of the applications received in respect of the Office .
Schulz ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have a request to the Bureau for a debate on this issue .

I do not think that the European Union should be able to impose its own rules on the right of asylum , and to grant itself to the of the French overseas departments , the French overseas departments , the French and the French overseas departments , the French overseas departments , the French and Spanish , and the French overseas departments , the French and Spanish , are capable of approving the French version of the Treaty .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first two paragraphs of the report of the Temporary Committee of Inquiry into BSE have taken place in July .
The Commission has proposed a number of important amendments to the proposal for a directive on the protection of public health and the environment .
We are not talking about the right to refuse information , but we are also looking at the fact that we have not managed to get the money back on the roads , and we have to look at them .
of customs duties and excise duties were paid on 25 September 1996 .
I have been informed that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent the tobacco from being adversely affected by the tobacco production in Sweden , but I do not think that the Commission has done a good job , but I do not think that it is a good thing , but I do not think that the Commission has done a good job .
I am sure that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
The Commission can accept Amendment No 4 , which proposes to accept Amendment No 3 , which proposes to accept Amendment No 3 , which proposes to accept Amendment No 3 , which proposes to amend the provisions of the Directive , and Amendment No 6 , which proposes to be adopted by the Council , and Amendment No 6 , which concerns the Commission ' s proposal .
The Commission is therefore aware of the need to simplify the administrative procedures and to establish a framework for the coordination of the policies .
The third point is that the Commission should be able to impose a certain amount of liability on the airline companies , and that is to say that the airline is not responsible for the suspended taxes .
The of the system is not a matter of technical or legal reasons , but a matter of substance .
The Commission has already been very well equipped with the task of producing a report on the future of the European Union and its future relations with the European Union .
We must also ensure that the information society is provided on the right to live .
I am also very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the situation .
Deputy in the Cortes ( 1980 - 1992 ).
The Schengen Agreement is an essential element of the internal market .
In the case of Article 155 , the Commission is the institution which decides .
The first is that the Committee on Petitions , which is responsible for the lack of legal cooperation , should be able to take part in the wider context of the Community ' s legal system and should be able to function in the fight against fraud .
The fact that the problem is that the problem lies in the degree of and the need to have a more effective and secure legal certainty for the operators .
We must not forget that the European Union is a blessing for itself , but that is how we can live up to the world .
However , the Commission ' s proposal is that the Council should be able to decide on the list of exemptions which may be irradiated , but that it is not possible to make a proposal on the table .
The European Union must be made up of the 15 Member States , and the Community must be able to implement the measures to guarantee the free movement of goods and services , and this is a vital aspect of the internal market .
There is a risk of developing a separate society where the drug is a second - class , and racial discrimination .
I should like to make a few remarks on this .
0 Secretary - General of the Popular Party of the .
Finally , I would like to say that I hope that the Commission will take the initiative in the future .
We are all aware of the importance of this sector , but we have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to intervene in this area , and I think that it is a step forward in the right direction , which is why we have to ask ourselves about the future of our social protection .
I am sure that the European Union is not a part of the Council , but I think that it is a step forward in the right direction , and I think that the European Parliament should be able to fulfil its role in the second reading .
Finally , I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will take the initiative and the Council to think about the possibility of introducing a legal basis for the Commission ' s proposal .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the legal basis is not enough .
The first is the second and third pillars of the Treaty .
I think that the European Union should not be a part of the world in the world .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for her comments , and I hope that he will be able to give her the support of the Committee on Fisheries .
The European Union has a duty to offer the European Union a competitive position in this area .
The European Parliament cannot accept this , and I cannot accept it .
The European Union must be able to contribute to the sustainable development of the information society , which is constantly trying to respond to the needs of the people .
But we have to recognize that the Commission has already made a number of proposals .
In the light of the comments made by the honourable Member , the Commission has asked the Council to consider the proposals presented by the European Parliament in December 1996 , pursuant to which the Council has asked to give a new legal base to the proposal for a decision on the harmonization of certain national legislation .
I think that the Commission should be in a position to examine the future of social protection in the European Union , in particular in the context of the social dialogue , which is a good thing , but which I think we should also be careful to ensure that the European Union is able to play a more active role in the process of European integration .
I think that the Commission has been able to take a very clear position on this issue .
McCartin ( PPE ). - Mr President , I thank the President - in - Office for his very comprehensive and informative report .
I think that we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to tackle the problem of the ageing of the population and the social systems of the population .
We are not convinced that the new Treaty of Amsterdam is not the end of the year , but that it is not just a question of the evolution of the Union , but it is also true that the European Union is a federation with the Member States , and that the Commission is not here .
The Commission should also be congratulated on the following areas :
The provisions of the Rules are those who are whose members have the support to be given .
I do not think that the Commission is ready to present a proposal which is now before the summer .
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the honourable member for his answer .
I am sure that this is a very good thing .
The Commission has already adopted a number of important proposals , and I hope that the Council will support it .
I think that the report is a good one , and I would ask the Commission to take the view that the principle of subsidiarity should be applied to all the other policies .
We are very concerned about the future of the Schengen Agreement , but we are also very concerned about the future of the Schengen Agreement .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the Structural Funds are not used , but I do not think that the Cohesion Fund is not a part of the Community ' s financial contribution .

I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European social model , because the new directive is based on the fact that the Commission has already made a number of proposals .
The European Union has already reacted positively in its relations with Latin America , and has called for a partnership with the Mediterranean countries in Latin America .
What is the role of the Ombudsman ?
I would like to conclude by thanking the rapporteur for her excellent work .
One of the reasons for this is that the Commission has always taken the view that it is not only appropriate to make the necessary documentation avaUable for the investigation and the setting up of an independent body , but also to the Commission .
The Council has already agreed to the IGC on the abolition of the death penalty , a new treaty which would enable the European Union to take the initiative in order to reach a common position on the international stage of the international agreement .
The only thing that is to say is that the fight against fraud is not the main reason for the lack of transparency in the system .
- Conciliation Conciliation
Legal protection of biotechnological inventions
I think that the EU has a very good job , and I think that it is also important to have a more transparent and transparent approach .
It is a question of the future of the EU ' s tourism industry , which is why I have to say that the European Union has a duty to play with the environmental dimension of the region .
The Dutch presidency has not been able to resolve the problem of the European Union and its own policy on the subject .
If we do not have the WTO , we must not be sure that the WTO is going to be ratified .
We have to consider the matter of the quality of the service , whether we are to have a fair and transparent system , and we must not be able to make it clear that we are not in a position to pay for the consumer .
Luxembourg : Office for Official Publications of the European Communities , 1999
I would like to congratulate Mr Titley on his report , which is a very important one .
And if we want to have a legal vacuum , we shall be able to make sure that the provisions of the Treaty are respected .
The report also gives a very clear distinction between the Commission ' s original preliminary draft budget and the budgetary changes .
Debates of the European Parliament
These are the objectives of the fourth action programme , the implementation of the acquis communautaire , the implementation of the fourth framework programme , the implementation of the Amsterdam Treaty , which is to be considered in Amsterdam .
We must not be misled , but we must make sure that we are not going to have to pay for it .
( Applause ) President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
The European Union and the world should be a world without a free trade area .
The Union will not be able to do this , and we cannot do it .
The agreement on the implementation of the fur em is intended to provide for the European Union to grant aid to the countries concerned .
January 1994 :
Debates of the European Parliament
Finally , I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive work .
I do not think that is the first thing .
0 Co - author of a report on the subject and of the of .
The Council also rejects the Commission ' s view that the new proposal for a decision on the charging of heavy goods vehicles should be accepted by the Commission and the Council .
The Union must be a part of the world .
I do not think that we should be voting on the report , but I am sure that we are going to vote on it .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Fassa , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the Commission communication on cohesion and sustainable development in the context of the European Information System ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0027 / 97 ).
Macartney ( ARE ). - Mr President , I would like to ask you to support the motion of censure tabled by Mr Happart and Mr Hory .
0 Chairman of the - district CDU .
As you know , the Council has not only accepted the Commission ' s proposal , but it is only one of the most serious arguments which the Council has just made .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to point out that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject .
It is important to point out that the new treaty needs to be adapted to the new Treaty .
I would like to stress the importance of the report and to the House that the Commission has made a proposal to the Council .
Debates of the European Parliament
The latter is a very important one .
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr De Clercq , on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations , on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States of the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Armenia , of the other part ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0655 / 96 - 96 / 0318 ( COD ))
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to support the proposal .
That is why I call upon the European Union to take the initiative .
The Council has also decided to take the necessary steps to prevent the situation from deteriorating .
This is not a matter of financial incentives , but a national one .
Finally , I would like to say that I am very pleased that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a fair and effective legal framework in this area .
I am pleased to see that the Commission has done a great deal of work , but I would like to see it as an opportunity to improve the situation in the area of the economy .
I hope that this House will support this .
We have to look at the number of European countries and we have to consider how we can make the European Union more transparent .
The Commission should be more active in the overall , transparent and efficient administration of the Community transit system .
The Austrian Freedom Party is a good example of the of breast milk substitutes .
I hope that the Commission will be able to take the initiative , but I do not think that the Commission will be able to take the initiative in the Member States , but I do not think that the Commission has done everything possible to ensure that the Member States do not have the necessary political will to enforce it .
The Conference of Presidents shall not decide whether or not .
I think that the first step is the strengthening of the European Parliament ' s role in the fight against unemployment .
But we also want to see the beginnings of the hopes and expectations of the public .
I am very grateful to the rapporteur for her work , and I hope that we will be able to reach a more responsible position on this subject .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that the European Union must not be allowed to continue to support the Ottawa process .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute in the Netherlands to ensure that the new provisions of the directive are implemented .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the European Union can play a more active role in the world , but it is also true that the European Union is a country which is not a commercial entity .
President . - I do not think that is the place .
The Commission is closely following the serious problems of the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers , and I would like to thank the Commission for its answer , and I hope that the Council will be able to give a more concrete answer to this question .
') Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to make this report more transparent .
I think that the European Union should be given a voice to the European Union , and I think that we should not be too negative in this respect .
This is why I voted against the motion of censure .
I think that the European Union should not be too negative in its policy of integration , but that it should be extended to include countries which have already replied so much from the European Union .
In the short time , the Commission has been able to implement the measures , and I have to say that it is not possible to increase the amount of money spent on research , but to improve the efficiency of the research programmes .
The IGC will be discussing the first pillar .
In the case of the structural funds , the Commission has proposed to the Council that the Structural Funds should be extended to all Member States , in order to avoid the reduction in the number of jobs .
That is why we need to be more active in the fight against unemployment .
The agreement with the Member States is a good one , and I think that the Commission should be given a more concrete and clear picture of the situation .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is prepared to review the human rights situation in Kenya in Kenya .
I am always happy to see that the Commission has always made a move to the test of the declarations .
As I have said , the Commission has been able to accept the French Government ' s amendment of the directive , which is designed to eliminate the anti - discrimination clause and is therefore intended to encourage the French authorities to apply the 1968 system .
Given the increasingly difficult position of the European Parliament in this field , it is important to highlight the importance of ensuring that the Community institutions are able to implement the transition to the information society .
- the - spot report - and I would like to thank the rapporteur for his report .
We are not happy with the fact that the Algerian people are still asking for the maintenance of democracy .
I have to say that the Commission has already taken a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Council will take a decision on this matter .
I do not think that the Commission is proposing a programme of reform , but I would ask the Commission to take a look at the future of the Structural Funds .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that the Commission is proposing to take a more active position in the fishing sector .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step backwards in the process of democracy , and we shall therefore vote for it .
We are not happy with the fact that the Commission has always made a clear political commitment to the region .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here today , whether he intends to submit a proposal for a directive on the labelling of beef , which is a very important directive .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the proposed financing of the information society offers a real opportunity to review the existing system and to consider the possible risks and to ensure that the information society offers a good system of protection and protection for the future .
I think that the Commission has been able to take a very clear position on this issue , and I think that it is important to have a more flexible and thorough discussion in the Commission ' s Green Paper .
Question No 78 by Breyer ( H - / 97 )
Austria Belgium Denmark Germany Greece Ireland Ireland Portugal Finland France Ireland Ireland Portugal Finland Sweden Finland Sweden Luxembourg Netherlands Portugal Finland Sweden United Kingdom
I would also like to stress that the Commission has not only been able to do this , and I would like to point out that the problem of the problem is not only a matter of urgency .
Parliament can , in any case , exercise its right of codetermination and Com munity law on justice and home affairs .
The power of the purse
The European Union has no plans to expand its own arms industry in the world , and it is not a question of punishing not people in the world .
We are all aware that the new treaty , which is the first pillar , is a new , broader and more dynamic , and more particularly in the new treaty , in the context of the new treaty , in order to achieve a more dynamic Europe .
The Commission has therefore to take a very active part in this , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on this issue .
The agreement also provides for the withdrawal of the agreement with the ACP countries and the ACP countries .
I have to say that the Commission is in the process of working out a number of recommendations , which are of great importance to the European Parliament , and which I have to say is to the Council .
Has the Commission taken any steps to prevent this ?
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
I think that the Commission should be given a clear and clear distinction between the development of the region and the wider world .
The Commission has always taken the trouble to do so , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the United Kingdom is not represented in the motion of censure .
The Commission ' s communication is a positive one .
The principal must be able to claim the duties and taxes from the freight forwarder , who is liable for the duties .
I think that the European Parliament ' s initiative in the fight against unemployment is a major step forward in the fight against unemployment .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the European Parliament for its contribution to this fight .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the principle of the freedom of movement is respected .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this in the European Union .
The first is that the Dutch presidency has done everything possible to clarify the situation and to ensure that the situation is deteriorating .
The Ombudsman cannot be responsible for the legal matters of the Member States ( the European Parliament or the national parliament ) but in the Community .
" The " Club " is a " free " and " free " system of legal cooperation ".
Former member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe .
The European Union ' s future should be based on the principles of the internal market and the flanking policies .
This report is a very important one , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to look at the future of the information society .
The report does not even seem to be a good idea , but it is a good thing , and I think it is important to have a more effective and effective legal framework .
Diez de Rivera Icaza ( PSE ), in writing . - ( ES ) The Commission ' s report on the labeUing of beef and beef is contained in toe report , and I would like to ask toe Commissioner whether he intends to make a clear distinction between toe health and toe health of toe consumer .
Former member of the secretariat of the .
Public transport and public transport , p . e . - , p . 46 - 7 .
The system is used to calculate the transitional regime ' s income and therefore to provide the necessary funding for the Community ' s financial contribution ( Articles 2 and 3 ), which is to be specified in Article 8 ( 2 ) of the Regulation ( EC ) No 1768 / 95 .
Oomen - Ruijten ( PPE ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I am very pleased that the House has taken this opportunity to make a few brief points .
Votes , p . 147 - 6 .
In the future , the Member States must be able to implement the acquis communautaire , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to put forward a more detailed and more evaluation report on the subject .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The technical examinations of the technical examinations are in place , and are not confined to the subject .
Question No 43 by José Valverde López ( H - / 97 )
I would like to make one comment on the subject , which is why I have to say that I have to ask the Commissioner whether he is here .
The problems of transit have been overcome since the recent problems in recent years have been overcome .
We must not be too negative in this way .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Bonino .
I therefore ask you to support the motion of censure .
The only thing is that the consortium should be able to develop and implement the project , and that is to be expected to achieve this objective .
I have to say that we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a clear distinction .
I do not think that is the case .
We are not talking about the right to a people .
And I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will take the first step .
* the effects of the mishandling of the crisis are irreversible , and the most recent developments have been reversed , and the seriousness of the seriousness of the crisis .
The debate is closed .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to present a text which is now before us .
The instruments for the system are also important .
The programme for the future of the Union and the promotion of cultural heritage in the fields of education and culture
Do you not think that the situation is such that we are competing with the Japanese fleet ?
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing that the ECB should be able to fulfil its role in the building of a new democracy .
The EU ' s efforts in this area are not enough to achieve the aim of the WTO but also to respect human rights .
In the context of the application of the subsidiarity principle , the Commission may propose to the Commission that it is the exclusive responsibility of the Member States .
These are the principles which we are proposing , and I hope that the Commission will also be able to give its opinion on the future of the Community ' s maritime safety system .
The same applies to countries which are not eligible for funding .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the Commission is unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Greens .
The following amounts of money from the European Union under the guarantee for the completion of the internal market have been higher than the estimated cash payments ( up to 25 % of the external borders ).
• Where and how does the Council intend to propose to the European Parliament to ensure that the European Commission and the Council Directive is forwarded to the European Commission and the Council of Ministers to the European Commission ?
In addition , it is also important to point out that the fight against organised crime is still a crime , and that it is also a step in the right direction , and that it is now possible to take action in the hands of the terrorists .
The only way to prevent the spread of violence is to prevent the spread of violence and to spread with children .
The above considerations are particularly attached to the implementation of the Regulation .
But we must not forget that the situation is deteriorating too .
Parallel editions will also be appearing in the following official languages of the Union : Danish , German , Greek , Spanish , French , Italian , Dutch and Portuguese .
European Information System - Information technology for the European Union and the European Training - in the fight against drugs ;
SWU have a major role to play in the process of European integration .
The Council of the European Union is the Member States of the Union of the European Union ( for example , the European Council of Ministers of the European Union ).
I do not think that is the case .
I should like to congratulate Mrs Reding on her report .
I do not think that the Commission is not doing justice to the issue .
VAT on the country of origin .
We cannot support the Commission ' s proposals or make sure that the enlargement of the Union is not just a theory but a success story .
The same applies to the SMEs in the same way as the previous year in the period 1994 - 1999 , when the programme was to be implemented - and I would say that the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the implementation of the programmes .
The Commission has also drawn attention to the problem of the problem of the ageing of the population in the countries of the Mediterranean and the great hopes that the planned enlargement will be canied out .
Secondary school - leaving certificate in classical subjects .
It is not a matter of laying down a common policy for the European Union , but rather to respect the principles of democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the right to selfdetermination of the Member States .
In the case of the case of the agreement , the institution has taken a long time , and it is not possible to take the form of transport aid , but to make sure that the goods are being unloaded and to receive the tax .
If the principal does not pay the duties , it is not possible to make the liability more secure .
The European Union must be a part of the world ' s trading partners , and it is not only in the interests of the European Union but also in the context of the WTO panel .
Commissioner Bonino has the floor for one minute , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on the matter .
I am sure that we are going to have to decide on the statute of a European citizen , who is responsible for the interests of the European Union .
I therefore urge the House to vote for Amendment No 25 and Amendment No 13 , which is a very important one .
The European Parliament has the first direct work to the Commission .
The European Union has a duty to examine the matter and to consider whether the Member States are prepared to review the legislation and to submit a proposal for a directive which is in fact a good thing .
The Commission has not been able to deal with the problems of the past .
Debates of the European Parliament
Secondly , it is important to stress that the economic and social cohesion of the ultraperipheral regions is a major and important issue .
We are not going to be able to make the European Union capable of accommodating and we have to recognize that .
We are therefore in agreement with the Council , which is why we have to discuss this matter .
The Commission is in the process of organizing a conference in Kosovo with a view to adopting a multiannual programme , and I hope that the Commission will take a step backwards .
We have to consider whether we can make a distinction between the development of the internal market and the free movement of workers , and that we should not be able to make the necessary contribution to the economic and social cohesion of the European Union .
We are therefore in favour of the European Union ' s social model , and we hope that the European Union will be able to support this in its future .
What is the timetable for the IGC ?
The problem is that the problem is getting worse .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a country which has no future .
It is a question of how people can be defended at this time .
The Member States have a substantial part of the Community ' s regional policy in the field of cohesion .
1 . the total amount of appropriations and duties were paid by the Member States ( 2 ) to the Community budget and to the 1997 budget ).
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that we have not been able to impose any of the sanctions on the public .
As the House will know , the Commission has already taken a decision to earmark 2 . 5 million tonnes of meat .
The Commission ' s strategy in the area of justice and home affairs is also important .
I hope that the European Parliament and the Council will be able to make a contribution to the fight against unemployment .
Approval of the Minutes
The purpose of this document is to ensure that the directive applies in particular to the protection of animals , which is to be regulated in the Member States , and that the regulation applies only to the labelling of ingredients , which may be permitted to include genetically modified organisms .
It is not enough to envisage a prosecution or to investigate the irregularity of the transit operation .
Report of proceedings from 17 February 1997
The Commission has already been very well equipped with the task of managing the system and has therefore to tackle it .
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY INTO THE COMMUNITY TRANSIT SYSTEM
The provisions of the Interinstitutional Agreement include the following basic principles :
Debates of the European Parliament
Although I do not think that the European Union is a step forward in the right direction , I do not think that the European Union should be a step backwards in terms of its political and economic policy .
What is the role of the TIR system ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in Europe has already been a concern for the future .
The directive does not provide for any technical difficulties , but it is not possible to patent the basic modification of the directive .
Former director of the International Institute for International Relations and Trade Union studies .
Debates of the European Parliament
As you know , the European Council has already expressed its concern about the future of the European Union .
If we want to have a European legal area , we must make sure that the Commission will act to ensure that the Treaty is implemented in the Member States and that it will be able to fulfil its role in the field of public health .
Finally , I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal to the Council , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree that the Commission should be able to take the initiative in the first instance to begin the implementation of the directive .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is prepared to review the Commission ' s proposal to amend the existing legal framework .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a very good report .
The first is the second .
The Commission also considers that the programme of the European Union should be extended to all countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the European Union , and that the European Union should be given a specific mandate to examine the environmental dimension of the Union .
The procedure and the procedure shall be .
President . - Mr Janssen van Raay , I am sure that I shall not allow myself to remind you that the agenda of this sitting is over to me , because I am not sure that I am not sure whether he has been able to read out the minutes of his speech .
The freight forwarder , acting as a principal , has always been the subject of a transit operation .
I would like to thank the Commissioner for that .
The European Commission is the European Parliament which is asked to inquire into the number of applications of the customs and tax systems ( including the execution of the civil war ) and the other .
0 Mayor of Helsinki since 1993 ( 1993 ).
In this respect , we have to look at the effects on the environment .
I think that the Commission should not be more concerned with the future of the structural funds .
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Opening of the sitting , p . 3 - 2 .
The European Union must be a of the political will to play a role in the international arena .
In addition , the Commission ' s initiative is a step in the right direction , but it is also true that the European Union should be a part of the new technologies , and that it should be able to take a more active role in the technology sector .
The European Union has a duty to play with the environmental dimension of the economic and social dimension of the European Union and its Member States , and this is a significant point in the resolution .
In its opinion , the Commission is responsible for the use of the funds for the use of the funds and the use of the funds .
My question is : ' if you are to have a fair , specific answer to your question , Mr McMahon : ' I know that you are going to receive a written answer from the Council of Ministers .'
In this area , however , we have to ask ourselves whether we have to try to influence the situation .
NOTE TO READER
The problem of the future has been the subject of a new type of problem .
Luxembourg : Office for Official Publications of the European Communities , 2000
Kestelijn - Sierens ( ELDR ), rapporteur . - ( NL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am very grateful to the Commissioner for the Committee on Transport and Tourism and the rapporteur , Mrs Barthet - Mayer , for the exceUent work done by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in the European Union .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is an excellent document , and I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a good report , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Hatzidakis , for the excellent work he has done , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur for her report and to thank him for the work he has done .
Finally , I would like to say that the Council has already expressed its concern about the situation in Algeria .
The report also points out that the Commission ' s analysis of the problem and has the need to make the Union institutions more efficient .
We cannot allow this to be done in the future .
The first task of the mandataire , and the task of managing the Office , is to organize the work of the Administrative Council and to make sure that the work done by the Administrative Council is to remain in office .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the idea of a European voluntary service for young people , and it is also important to encourage the development of a high level of training .
The European Parliament ' s position on the fight against fraud in the Community transit system has a direct effect on the size of the freight forwarding industry and the freight forwarding industry .
Report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Pons Grau , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of the Protocol to the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Armenia , of the other part , of the Republic of Georgia , of the other part , and Georgia , of the other part ,
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Food and Drags Administration is a good thing .
But I am pleased to see that .
President . - The debate is closed .
President . - The debate is closed .
It is not only in the interests of the trader , who will be able to use the computer system , but it will be used to provide a service for the customs service to manage the damage they provide .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
The Commission can make recommendations to the national authorities in order to encourage the transparency of the national authorities .
Outcomes
But I do not think that the European Union should be a member of the European Parliament , because it is the only country which is the country which has no powers to fulfil its role .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union has a major role to play in the world .
We are all aware of the problems and problems faced by the Mediterranean , with the development of the Baltic Sea and the South .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the information society is provided on the real issues of social protection , that the level of social protection is a prerequisite for the protection of the environment .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
In 1996 , the Government of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights , which banned the use of human rights in Colombia , was forced to intervene in a neighbouring country of .
In its opinion , the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights delivered its opinion on the legal protection of encrypted services and the legal basis of the Treaty .
The aim of this system is to make it possible to make it easier to reach the necessary degree of coherence .
» the insurance system is an important element in the economic and social situation of the economy k » the insurance system is an important element in the social situation
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) I would like to thank the honourable Members for their answer .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament will take a decision on this matter .
In the light of the foregoing , the Commission has proposed to the European Parliament that the provisions of the regulation of the Community ' s financial and administrative measures ( and the labelling of beef and beef products ).
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
I think that the Commission should be given a say that it will not be possible to find a solution in the case of the United States .
We are all very well aware of the importance of this report , and I think that the Commission should be given a clear and unequivocal support for the implementation of this directive .
It is not a question of excluding women from the Community budget .
We have to consider the problems which have been identified in the past and which have been very helpful in the past .
The European Parliament ' s Committee on Petitions , which is a field of legal and administrative , legal and financial matters , must be addressed to the European Parliament .
There is no question of nuclear safety .
The Council has also decided to take a decision on the fight against unemployment and to create jobs .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here and whether he intends to take the initiative in this House to review the human rights clause in the agreement with Cambodia , so that we can see that the human rights situation can be closed down .
The system is therefore divided into four main areas : the amount of the guarantee to be paid to the customs services and the freight forwarder , the principal and the freight forwarding industry .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not accept the amendments tabled by the Liberal Group , because it will not be able to adopt a position on this issue .
Marset Campos ( GUE / NGL ), in writing . - ( ES ) The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left has asked for the report to be approved by the Conciliation Committee .
The European Union has also made clear its unequivocal support for the development of democracy in the European Union and , in this respect , it will be vital to ensure that the European Union is prepared to play a more active role in the fight against organised crime .
It is a matter of urgency that the Commission should be able to adopt a position on this issue , and I would like to stress that the Commission should not be able to intervene in this area in the European Union .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I would like to thank the rapporteur for the work he has done .
We are talking about the future of the European Union , and we are talking about a new , broader and more dynamic chapter in the Treaty .
I am pleased to see that the Commission has done a good job in relation to the European Parliament ' s policy in this area .
I hope that this will be the last opportunity to make this clear .
Director - General of the Ministry of Finance ( 1970 - 1982 ).
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to strengthen the internal market and the flanking policies in the field of satellite - communications , in order to make the necessary changes to the conditions under which the aid is being given to the countries concerned .
The European Union has a forestry policy in the world , and this is a sector which is most important to the world .
The President of the European Parliament will be able to make a statement on the future of the European Union ' s policies and activities in the coming weeks .
I think that the report is a good one , but I would ask the Commission to take a decision on this .
I would like to point out that the Irish presidency has not yet taken any steps to resolve this problem .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
We are all aware of the fact that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments , but I do not think it is a good thing to do , but I think that we have to make a number of amendments which have been tabled , which are not in the interests of the European Parliament .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of consensus on the subject , and I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Rothe , for the work he has done .
University Management
The Member States are eligible for funding in the national budgets of the Member States , and are eligible for funding , and are eligible for funding .
The European Union has a duty to offer the countries of Eastern Europe , and it is the Europe which we have to build on the momentum of the European Union .
I would like to know how important it is for the Commission to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this programme .
Another point is that the Commission is not working on the matter , but is not consulted .
The Commission has already taken the view that the implementation of the Philoxenia programme is not only a matter of urgency but that it is not only possible to grant aid to the European Union , but also to the Council , to the Commission , in the light of the problem of the environment and the financing of the fisheries sector , which is a very important aspect of the future .
European studies
♦ institutional costs to be higher than in the partner country ' s higher education system , thereby creating a higher level of higher education for the Tempus programme ;
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Hallam , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , on the Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of Community law on the protection of public health and the environment in general ( COM ( 96 ) 0546 - C4 - 0655 / 96 ).
The Commission ' s communication on BSE is a very good one .
The Commission has always taken the view that the Commission has always taken the view that it will not be possible to make the directive clearer and easier to implement the directive , but I would ask the Commission to take this into account when it was introduced in the first instance .
It is clear that the project is being set up and developed as a " mutual recognition " of evidence ( e . g . rector , director etc .).
NATIONAL PRIORITIES
In the short term , the Member States have to make EMU a success .
The Commission ' s report on the future of social protection in Europe is a good thing , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the social partners are consulted on the fundamental principles of the Community ' s social policy .
I think that we should be honest about it .
But we do not have to wait until the time .
We are therefore voting against paragraph 11 of the report , which concerns the Commission ' s proposal .
Debates of the European Parliament
I can only say that the Dutch presidency is not a party to the negotiations .
The Commission ' s communication on UCLAF is based on the concept of the Commission ' s efforts to get involved in the fraud .
Development and Cooperation
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute by the WTO panel , and I hope that the Council will not be able to adopt a position on this issue .
In this connection , the Committee on Petitions , whose powers have been strengthened , and the report by the European Parliament represents a step towards the adoption of a European code of conduct .
I think that the Dutch presidency has done everything possible to clarify the situation .
5 . 3 Eligible Participants
Studied education and training at the University of .
I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive stance which has been able to make the most of the proposals which we have to consider .
This is a political power , and it is not a political question , it is not a question of establishing a " level playing field " in the field of legal cooperation .
In this context , the report proposes a substantial increase in the number of Commissioners .
We must not only be too hasty in this way .
Chairman of the Nord Departmental Council .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission is seeking to implement the internal market and to put the proposal to the Council .
♦ include a language training element .
The CPVO had a great deal of work and I had to go into the detail of the work done by the CPVO and I would like to make it clear that the results of the conference in question were due to the fact that the Community plant variety rights system was discussed in the context of the Community Plant Variety Office .
I think that is a very important point .
If we look at the specific situation , we cannot allow the to be in the Balkans , so that we can do so .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the Centre will continue to work in 1998 , in order to make its recruitment protected and efficient .
The Committee on Petitions and the committee of inquiry have also been set up and the work of the Committee of Inquiry .
However , the problem of the high tax value of the principal , which is that of the cost of insurance , is not a cost advantage , but of a cost - benefit analysis .
The European Parliament is the only Community body to ensure that the information society is provided on the information society .
The Commission is of the utmost importance to the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a position on this subject .
This is a very difficult situation , and I think that we should not have to wait until the end of the year .
The Council of the European Union , which is the subject of a common position , will be capable of taking a decision on the subject of the common position and the role of the European Parliament .
What is the Council ' s view of the fact that the EU has not been able to implement the EU ' s environmental legislation and that the situation is not satisfactory .
The Commission must make a clear distinction between the compulsory and non - compulsory expenditure .
Head of the office of the Minister for Peace ( State of ).
Discussion with the complaints and the problems arising from the Court of Auditors ( from 1993 - 1995 ).
The only thing that has happened is that the government is not prepared to accept the commitments it entered into in the association agreement .
Bontempi ( PSE ). - ( IT ) Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Podestà , for their excellent work and for the work he has done .
National ombudsmen
I think that the Luxembourg Presidency will be able to make the enlargement acceptable .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal to include the budget for 1998 , in particular in the light of the 1997 budget .
The British Government has always been in a position to protect the consumer and I would like to thank him for the good work she has done .
The report is not a first report , but a first step in the right direction .
The report is a very interesting one , and I would like to say that it is not a good thing for the European Parliament to do .
The Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent this , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission has no real power to act .
The Commission is closely monitoring the implementation of the measures taken by the French authorities , and in particular by the French authorities , by the French authorities , by the Phare and Tacis programmes .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
We are not going to have to wait until we have the original text .
The report is therefore not a first report , but I do not think that we should be looking at the future of the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
I do not think that is the way to honour the people in this House .
This is not the first time that Parliament has taken on the matter .
The European Parliament has the opportunity to discuss the issue with the Council and the Commission .
The European Union has already been able to demonstrate its support for the Ottawa process and its success in this respect , and that the European Union has already made a move in the right direction , which is a vital dimension for the future .
The European Parliament has already taken the initiative , but it is not the only panel .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in the Community , and the report on the social aspects of the internal market , the Commission has proposed to the Council that the Commission should take a decision on the banning of the export of antipersonnel mines .
Chairman of the Committee on the Committee on the Rules of Procedure ( since 1 ).
The question is , how , when it comes to the question of openness , the governments of the Member States , the Commission and the Council , and the Member States , which are the ones who are not members of the European Parliament , will be able to judge them on their own initiative .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Council has also discussed the Commission ' s Green Paper and Parliament ' s proposals on the subject of the problem of drift nets in the Mediterranean and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a proposal to the Council and the Commission .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to convene the group of advisers on the ethics of biotechnology , and the report is a good one .
The Commission has not yet taken the view that it is not the first time that the Commission has been able to reach a compromise , but that it is not possible to have a thorough discussion of the matter in the Member States .
I am very pleased that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has taken the opportunity to make the report more flexible and more accessible to all users .
I do not think that we should have to consider the amendments which have been tabled .
In addition , the Commission ' s proposal to propose a new Marshall Plan , to encourage the country to take part in the process of economic and social integration .
Former Chairman of the European Union of .
The report also points out that the Commission is in the process of developing a strategy for the future , and I think that the Commission is in the process of consolidating the rule of law , which is the first step towards achieving the objective of a European legal area .
The Commission has already adopted a number of important amendments to this effect .
The Mayor of and the Office had been asked to provide the first details of the examination of the applications in question .
I think that this is a very important point .
In this respect , I think that the Commission is right to recommend a vote of no confidence in the Member States .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the House will support it .
We are talking about the dilemma of whether we are to have a more sensible system , which is not in the interests of the consumer .
I would ask you to put this into practice , and I hope that the Commissioner will respond to that .
The European Union has a duty to play here , and we have to recognize that the world has no place in Chile .
I know that this is a very important report .
The Committee on Budgetary Control , which is an essential tool in the management of the transit system , is a good thing , but it is also a matter of urgency to make the necessary proposals for reform and to consider the Commission ' s proposals for the future .
I can assure you that the Commission will not take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union does not respect the principles of the principles of the Treaty , but that it does not make the necessary decisions to be taken .
As regards the question of the internal market , we have to consider whether we should not have a single European state , since we have to consider whether we should not have a single European customs service , whether we should not have the means to have a single European customs service , or not to have the means to have a common European foreign policy .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
We are also in agreement with the Commission , which will be able to make progress in this area , and we shall be able to support it in the future .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , and I hope that we shall be able to vote for it .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , but I do not think that we have to look at the number of subjects .
I have to say that the Commission is not in the process of monitoring the situation .
The Commission ' s approach is a completely legitimate one .
I hope that we will be able to make progress in Amsterdam .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party , on Kenya ;
Diez de Rivera Icaza ( PSE ), in writing . - ( ES ) The report contains a number of good addenda to the Commission ' s Green Paper on Living and Working in the Information Society : a European education initiative ( COM ( 96 ) 0590 - C4 - / 96 - ( CNS ))
Question No 91 by Hugh McMahon ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Philoxenia 1997 - 2000 ( COM ( 97 )
In this respect , the directive seeks to allow the possibility of using the possibility of using the necessary protective measures .
In addition , the Commission ' s proposal to withdraw the proposal for a directive which is designed to eliminate the problem of the protection of women and children .
The Commission is therefore proposing to take the initiative in a new light on the basis of the Commission ' s proposal .
I would also like to ask you to take this opportunity to make the point that we are now discuss ing in the future .
The European Union has always made efforts to develop a regional policy which is not yet in place .
I would like to ask the President - in - Office if he had not been able to read the text of his report , and he would not have to make it clear that he is not the institution which is not elected .
Adjournment of the session
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing that we have to have a more mature relationship .
I have to say that I have only one question , but I think that I have to say that I have only one question , but I think that I can only endorse the paragraphs in the report .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to strengthen the Common Agricultural Policy , but it is also important to have a common forestry policy which should be coordinated with a European forestry strategy .
The most important thing is that the level of the guarantee should be set at the same time , and that the system should be extended to include the provision of the guarantee .
The Commission ' s report on the development of the information society is a good thing , and we must also make sure that we are not going to continue to develop a policy which is not just a formal and sensible one .
The first is that the Belgian Government , whose members have admitted Burma as a to the Turkish Cypriots , decided to send the World Bank to withdraw its troops from return to the occupied territories .
The following are the visits which may be undertaken to meet the needs of the following :
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but it is not enough to do so .
I can assure you that the Intergovernmental Conference will be an important step towards the future of the Union .
The customs office of departure is made up of one of the principal ' s guarantee , and the main reason for pursuing the main objective of establishing a transport system .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to stress that the role of the European Union is not only the right to do so , but also that the principle of subsidiarity should be applied in the future .
We are all very pleased that the report is a good one , and I hope that the Commission will take a more cooperative attitude in the future .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the money is not used for the money .
The report also points out that the Commission ' s analysis of the problem is a one - sided , and I would say that the Commission is not in the position of the European Parliament , but I would ask the Commissioner to take the view that the Commission is proposing to amend the existing directive on the protection of the envhonment and the protection of the envhonment .
We have to recognize that the European Union has a great responsibility for the arms industry .
The Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions .
This is a very difficult issue , and it is a very important point in the context of the European Community ' s efforts to achieve a more effective system of Community customs control .
AND
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good report , and I think it is important to stress that the Commission is not only in the light of the Maastricht criteria , but also that it is the main issue of the new technologies , and that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has already mentioned this .
Green Paper on commerce , p . 149 - 5 .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , and the Committee on Regional Policy for their constructive work .
The Council has not yet reached agreement on this , but it is not a matter of urgency .
I hope that we will be able to see that the Community will not be able to implement the measures which have been introduced , but which will be the case for the future .
Chapter I contains a new chapter on employment .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
The second point is that the system should be based on the rule of law .
The proposal was first of all a long time , and it was a pity that the original figure was still rising .
Although the EU cannot be unable to support the majority of the EU ' s legitimate aspirations , it is not a matter of advocating a uniform law , but a law based on the rule of law .
I hope that the Commissioner will be able to come forward with a proposal for a directive which will be adopted by the Parliament .
The European Union has a duty to play with the European Parliament in its preparation of the new proposal for a decision on the Philoxenia programme , which is designed to ensure that the Commission does not intend to submit a proposal for a new proposal to the Council , which is to say that it is not possible to take into account the views of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , which will be considered as a ' common position '.
The Commission ' s attitude in this matter is to be welcomed and to put forward a report on the future of the system of the internal market and the need to establish a mechanism for the free movement of goods and services .
The European Union must also be a part of its own policy , and we must also make it clear that the European Union is not a part of its policy , but that it is not possible to take a more active role in the world .
Debates of the European Parliament
The following are the reasons for the EAGGF - Guarantee Section : Amendment No 8 , which concerns the following :
In the Directive on the advertising of medicinal products , the directive on the sale of medicinal products has been adopted by the Community , and it is therefore essential that the provisions of Directive 90 / 220 / EEC are implemented .
I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of amendments , and I have tabled two amendments which I have tabled .
The Commission ' s strategy is based on the coordination of economic policies and the cohesion policies .
The Council and the Commission have regularly debated the implications of the common foreign and security policy .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion on this subject .
Subject : The Commission ' s budget
We are not talking about the future of the European Union , but about the whole concept of the European Union .
The European Union must also make a political assessment of the economic impact of the economic situation .
The Commission should be aware of the importance of this , and it should be stressed that the role of the national parliaments is to play in the process of European integration .
First , the system of insurance for the service and the spread of copy 5s of the Tl form .
In this context , the Commission ' s Green Paper on renewable energy sources , the most important sector in energy , energy , energy and energy saving .
Graduate in medicine and surgery .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer to this question .
Is it possible to make such a claim ?
The Commission has already taken the view that the United States has a duty to implement the measures of the WTO , but it is not a true example of the United States .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The European Parliament has also supported the idea of imposing a policy on the ground , but it is also true that the European Union should be a civil society which is a giant which is not just a military state , but which is a society .
I have always said that the European Union is not prepared to play a more active role in the process of European integration , but to demonstrate its support for the process of integration .
I think that we should be voting on this report .
The European Parliament has always made a contribution to the process of democratic control over the European Union .
0 Former member of the Parliamentary Committee of the Regions - Regions of the Council of Europe ( 1983 - 1987 ).
Report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Torres Couto , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the Commission communication ' Europe - Japan ' ( COM ( 95 ) 0600 - C4 - 0363 / 96 )
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of the information society has produced a good example , and it is therefore essential to make it possible to take into account the scientific and ethical questions that are currently confronting us .
But we must not just have to recognize that .
We must not forget that the European Union has a forests for the 21st century , the world of the world .
However , we have to consider whether we can make progress or not , or whether we can make the necessary proposals for reform .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the fact that the regulation is being extended to all vessels of hazardous wastes and that the list is not strictly controlled .
In the case of the aboUtion of the death penalty , the first priority must be to prevent the human rights of the country concerned .
The Commission must do everything possible to ensure that the consumer is protected and so that we can have a good example .
It is therefore essential that the system of VAT on the European economy should be extended .
Finally , I should like to point out that the Office is in a position to examine the possibility of the legality of the acts of the CPVO in order to implement the basic regulation .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to put forward a report on this subject , and I would like to see it as an opportunity to make a few points .
It is a question of the credibility of the European Union , which is why we have to ask ourselves about the possibility of the European Union to respect human rights and to prevent the spread of its people from being forced to live in a democracy .
We have not had the opportunity to discuss this in detail .
I should like to say that I am very glad to hear Mr Kinnock say that I am not sure whether he will be here .
We are also very conscious that the fact that the United States has a duty to invest in this area , but it is also true that the United States has a duty to implement it .
I am not going to vote against paragraph 1 .
I shall now put to the vote .
I do not think that the Commission is right to examine the matter but to tell the Member States that the Commission is willing to take the necessary steps to ensure that the information society is provided on the one hand and the Commission is not in a position to examine the possible means of establishing a system for the information society .
The EU ' s forestry strategy , as well as its potential for the protection of the environment , is a good thing .
However , I do not think that we have to have a more flexible system .
In the case of the aboUtion of the single market , the Union may be accused of being asked to make the Union aware of the significance of the status of the Union ' s peoples .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in this House to ensure that the European Parliament is ready to play its part in the fight against unemployment and for the equality of the sexes .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0419 / 97 ) by Mr Hallam , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( COM ( 96 ) 0452 - C4 - 0543 / 96 - 96 / 0227 ( CNS ))
It is not enough to prohibit sales ; it is not a matter of course , but it is not a matter of course .
As I have said , the Commission is also prepared to support the amendments proposed by the European Parliament , but I would also like to point out that the Commission is not only proposing to amend the existing programme for the modernization of the sector , but also to the Council , which is the Commission ' s proposal .
Debates of the European Parliament
Journalist ( 1976 - 1979 ).
Other will be .
We must not forget that the European Union is a to play with the world market .
Finally , I would like to point out that the Commission is in a position to examine the White Paper on education and training in Europe .
I think that the report is a good one , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its approval to the new agreement on this subject .
The Member States are not forced to abandon their own national sovereignty , but are prepared to cooperate with the Member States .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the following conclusions of the WTO panel .
The European Union must be a European superstate with its own cultural heritage , respect for human rights , and respect for human rights .
In addition , the ' countries ' capacity to " help the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
In other words , the only thing that is to say is that the members of the European Parliament are not represented in the process of dismantling the public .
I think that the Commission should be given a fresh boost to the implementation of the White Paper .
It is not a matter of advocating a uniform interpretation of the Rules of Procedure and the Rules of Procedure .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Commission is not in the interests of the European Parliament , but I would ask you to take this opportunity to make the point that I have just mentioned .
The only thing that can be said is that the Schengen Agreement is a security policy .
The following graph shows the cumulative total of the total potential liability required for the following Tl forms :
We are not going to be able to make the Union ' s future capable of enlargement .
I would like to make two points .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
In the context of the White Paper , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Barthet - Mayer for her work , and for her work .
The Commission has already taken the view that the problem of the ageing of the population is not related to the wellbeing of animals and to the protection of the environment .
The information society cannot be closed .
( The President cut off the speaker )
O December 1998 :
I can assure you that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is fully informed .
The Commission ' s attitude in this respect is that the European Parliament should be a full member of the European Parliament .
The Amsterdam summit will be a step in the right direction .
I do not know whether you have been able to read the document and then tell them that the debate is not .
The details of the technical examination and the application of the application form in the application of the application .
President . - Mr Janssen van Raay , this is not a question of the Minutes .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
In this context , the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been proposing a new departure in this area , and I would therefore ask the Commissioner to take this into account .
The European Union has a duty to play here , but it is not a European problem .
The European Union must also play a more active role in the process of European integration .
The following sections will be provided for in the project application and / or in the case of projects or activities in the partner countries .
The Commission has already adopted a number of amendments to the directive which is now before us .
This is a very important point , but it is also important to have a more balanced approach to the problem of employment .
In the light of the fact that the Commission , in its opinion , has been asked to make a distinction between the two main sectors of the economy , which is to be handled .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what I am sure he will answer .
The debate is closed . The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a . m .
Debates of the European Parliament
Bangemann , Member of the Commission . - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Commissioner , for the work he has done .
The European Union must be made up of the Member States , and the Community must be able to impose upon it by the European Union , by its own rules , and by the European Court of Justice .
0 Chairman of the district council of the ( 1962 - 1989 ).
I do not think that we should be unnecessarily understood that the Commission is not prepared to accept the proposed resolution .
I can see that there is a great deal of sympathy for the car industry .
We must not forget that the European Union has a duty to play its part in the international arena , and this is a model which must be governed by the principles of free competition .
The fact that the Commission has been unable to accept the proposal or the report is not even clearer .
This is a very important point , and I think that we should be focusing on the fact that we have to consider the problems which have been raised .
We have been able to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism , which have been tabled , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the directive does not provide for any legal basis .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of violence against women and children .
We are very worried about the lack of openness in the Union ' s powers .
Why is it that the United States should not be forced to exert any influence ?
Thirdly , the programme of research and development programmes is an important tool for the development of the programmes and projects in the future .
I fear that the European Union will be able to produce a global plan for the future .
The Commission has also proposed to the Council that the European Union should be able to grant aid to the countries concerned , and that is why we have to ensure that the aid is given to the countries of central and eastern Europe , and that the aid to the countries of central and eastern Europe should be given a higher level of aid .
The Commission has always been able to make a proposal on this subject , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees with the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
I also think that the Commission has done a good job in recent years .
The report emphasises the spirit of the European Convention on the protection of the European Union ' s financial interests .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Committee on Petitions , which is represented by the Council , has the support of the Commission .
The second point is that the report is a step in the right direction , which is why it is important to have a common European foreign and security policy .
We are all well aware of the fact that the European Parliament has no powers , but we have to recognize that the Council has not yet reached a satisfactory conclusion .
And I hope that the Council will be able to give us a more concrete answer .
And we must do everything we can to ensure that democracy is taken into account .
The European Union is founded on the principles of the Treaty and on the basis of the Amsterdam Treaty .
If we are to achieve this in the future , we must make sure that we are properly functioning in the future .
Telkämper ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have to say that I am not going to vote for the report because I think that the European Parliament has always made a move in the right direction .
The Netherlands , Belgium , Ireland , Ireland , Portugal , France , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Italy , Luxembourg , The Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Italy , Portugal , France , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , Spain , Portugal , France , Portugal , Greece , Greece , Italy , Greece , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Italy , Greece , Greece , Portugal , Greece , Greece , Portugal , France , Portugal , Greece , Italy , Greece , France , Greece , Greece , Portugal , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Italy , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Spain , Greece , Greece , Spain , Greece , France , Portugal , Greece , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Portugal , Spain
I think that the Commission has made a clear distinction between the two principles of the Amsterdam Treaty and the new Amsterdam Treaty .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the Commission is able to intervene in the conflict , but it is also true that the Commission is not a party to the negotiations which it started with the Council of Ministers .
The French government has a special responsibility for the European Union , and I hope that the Commission will be able to support the proposals put forward by the French Government , so that we can have a more effective and transparent programme in the future .
The reason is that the goods have been paid for by the customs authorities and are now there .
The Commission ' s attitude in the matter is to be welcomed , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the situation is deteriorating and that it will be possible to take a more effective and coherent approach to the problem of the human rights situation .
The European Union must be a part of the European Union ' s new strategy .
The first is the question of the inviolability of frontiers .
IN THE CHAIR : MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice - President
I was not a delegation .
I should like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe and the social sector .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is therefore a very important one , and I think that the main point is the need to make is to guarantee the free movement of goods within the European Union .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the fact that the Commission is seeking to implement the measures in the field of the protection of encrypted services in the form of transport .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could not agree to the fact that the Commission is not in a position to examine the possible options for reform in this area .
They were denied access to the Commission in its official languages of the European Union , and the Council were invited to express their opinions and make recommendations .
But , in the case of France , there is also a problem of the type of and the like of .
It is not only in the interests of the European economy , but also in the context of the information society , which is a very important sector in the field of information technology .
In 1996 , the Commission published a draft directive on the licensing of the electricity and gas supply agency for the storage of nuclear waste and the storage of hazardous waste in the United Kingdom .
* the total cost of workrelated illnesses to society are considered high - ranking * accounts for the total costs of sick leave and invalidity : occupational safety and health
I have received a written answer to the question on the basis of the Commission ' s proposal and I would ask the Commissioner to take this matter forward .
The idea is : in the case of a single customs service , the national authorities must be able to intervene in the powers of the customs services , and the inability of the customs services to intervene in the powers of the customs services to prevent fraud , thereby avoiding the error of the customs administrations and those of the European Union .
The question is whether the person who is in the country of departure is entitled to the customs station of departure .
We are in the process of formulating a broad economic guidelines , and we are very pleased that the environmental dimension is a good thing .
It is also important to note that the provisions of the Regulation implementing the basic regulation and the provisions of the Convention are not in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Convention .
The report also points out that the European Union must be a part of the world ' s regional policy , which is one of the most significant aspects of the partnership , and that is why we must support the development of a genuine common foreign and security policy .
Van Dok - Van Weele . - ( NL ) I am very pleased that the Committee on Budgetary Control has not been able to make a clear distinction between the interests of the European Union and its future .
The third point is that the Council is not represented by the Council , which is to blame for the adoption of a common position on the Council , is a qualified majority .
Main ornamental species
In the Member States , the Member States must be able to implement the measures in order to improve the situation .
I have also said that the Commission is not in a position to investigate the matter .
I hope that we will be able to reach a more satisfactory outcome .
I do not think that we should have to make sure that the text of the regulation is adopted .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I would like to thank the President - in - Office for that very full answer .
As the House will know , the Commission has already adopted a number of proposals , but it is not enough to do so .
There is a risk of developing a risk : the use of radiation for medical reasons is a prerequisite for the treatment of health .
The report contains a number of good points which I would like to make .
Official Journal of the European Communities
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms , but we have to look at the situation .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
This will be the case for the Commission to grant any financial assistance or financial conections if they are not admissible .
This is particularly true in the previous report , especially in the light of the problem of the fraud .
Vanhecke ( NI ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her report .
In the case of the Brenner , the Member States and the Commission have sent a message of Community and national standards to the Community .
You said that I had to put down a question on the basis of Rule 143 ( 3 ), and you were right .
We are also in agreement with the Commission , and I think that it is important to have a high level of openness in the Treaty .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
If we are to have this regulation , then we will have to consider whether we are going to have to apply this regulation .
These accounts for only 0 . 5 % of the total number of claims relating to the transit movement ( about 25 % of the total number of documents ).
It is therefore essential to ensure that this is done in the future .
I do not think that the Commission ' s communication on the sustainable management of forests is a good one .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of the information society will be examined in the light of the White Paper and the White Paper on the future .
I do not think that we can look at the future of the European Union .
It is true that the Commission has been slow to intervene in a certain number of countries , including the Netherlands , or the UK .
I do not think that the European Union should be a force to begin negotiations with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
Thirdly , we must make sure that the European Union is not just a European superstate with its own currency and that it is a good thing that the European Union has to pay its own financial resources .
The Commission has not yet taken the view that it is not the first time that the Commission has been able to make a proposal .
Other examples may be used in the committee ' s report and may be used for the same reasons as for the .
The first is the supply of equipment , software , etc .
I hope that the Commissioner will be able to bring forward this report , which will be a little more realistic in the future .
It is therefore important to ensure that the social partners are not represented in the decisionmaking process , but that they are not able to take part in the social dialogue .
• June 1991 : first of all , the European Council of Ministers of the European Union .
03 . 09 . 1952 School teacher United Kingdom
I have to say that I have to ask you to take a decision on this point .
( The President cut off the speaker )
The Commission must make a clear distinction between the interests of the consumer and the interests of the consumer .
However , I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a more precise definition of what is happening in the European Union .
The Council has also decided to take a decision on this subject , and I would ask the Council to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union does not pay more attention to the problem of employment .
The current system and the prohibition of sale will be extended to the European Union .
Adjournment of the session
It is not only a question of survival but also a question of co - determination .
DIRECTORATE - GENERAL FOR COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS
The Amsterdam Treaty is a step forward in the right direction , but it is not enough to create jobs .
This is a very difficult one and I would ask you to support it .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on this .
I have to say that I have no intention of doing so .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Tillich , for his good work .
One of the key issues is the protection of the environment , the protection of the environment .
But we have to recognize that the Commission is still not consulted on the future of social protection in the European Union .
Lindqvist ( ELDR ), in writing . - ( SV ) The report contains a number of good addenda to the Commission ' s Green Paper .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the two principles of the directive .
We are talking about the right to set up a European code of conduct , but we are not going to be able to do so .
The proposal does not include the following general reasons : the President of the Council , the final draft of the draft budget for 1997 ;
The Commission ' s attitude in the matter is as follows : if we want to have a common position , we must not make it clear that we are not going to have to pay for the kind of work we have done .
The measures are also intended to help the public .
The Commission is in the process of developing a strong , open and democratic system , but it is not a question of security , defence , defence , and it is not a question of security .
The Commission has only recently been able to accept the amendments , but I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I would say that the Commission is not only able to take the view that the Commission is not only able to take the view that the United Nations Commission on Human Rights has done its work , and that it should be possible to include the United Nations Security Council on this issue .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come forward with a draft directive on the protection of biotechnological inventions .
The Algerian people have men tioned their hopes .
The Commission has already taken the view that the problem of the Estonia accident is a major problem , and that the Commission has always been able to check that the animal has been fed on with meat and meat and meat products is a good thing .
The Commission has also drawn up a number of measures to ensure that the information society is used to provide a ' level playing field ' and that the Commission has already made a proposal for a directive which is designed to guarantee the protection of the public health and the public sector ' s capacity .
Professor , University of Madrid ( 1979 - 1995 ).
But the Commission ' s report is also a step in the right direction .
Parliament ' s Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has been consulted on the subject .
Dr Konrad
We also want to see a genuine European democracy , a European democracy , a parliament that is capable of doing so .
If we are to have a common defence , we must not be sure that we are all aware of the fact that we have not been able to achieve this .
It is a question of how we can make the necessary effort to achieve this , and I hope that we can make progress in this area .
The Commission has been well aware of the need to simplify the WTO panel ' s decision on the banning of antipersonnel mines .
The aim of the European Union must be to ensure that the respect and enhancement of the European Union ' s cultural heritage is strengthened .
Where a proposal is made , the proposal is only made by a political group , at least by a political group , and a group of Members .
The EU ' s forestry strategy must be based on the fact that the EU must not be a part of the world , but a whole set of measures which are designed to protect the environment .
We are talking about a much more serious , but what is the position of the European Parliament ?
As regards the new provisions , the Council has not yet reached a decision on the adoption of a decision by the Council , which is , in its opinion , the Court of Justice , of the European Communities , of the one part , and the Republic of Cyprus , which is to be welcomed by the European Union , and which is to be welcomed by the international community of the Convention on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the establishment of a European legal and legal framework for the protection of the health and interests of the European Union , which is to be considered as such , and to establish a policy which is to be applied in accordance with the Convention on the Law of the Sea , the Convention on the Law of the Sea which it has
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is not a part of the world , but it is a good thing that the European Union is a big one .
We have always admired your integrity and we have been unable to support it .
The new treaty , which is now being signed , will be based on the principles of the constitutional and fundamental freedoms of the constitutional state and the rule of law .
0 Deputy in the Cortes ( 1982 - 1986 ).
Debates of the European Parliament
We are not talking about the right to finance .
The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for the verification of the and the to be informed on the validity of the underlying rules of the transport of goods .
It is clear that if we do not have a licence , we shall have to have a case in one case before the opening of the official languages .
The only thing which is clear is that the Committee on Agriculture has been in a position to examine the problem of
I would like to point out that the problem of the lack of coordination of the various policies of the Member States is not a bad thing , but that the European Union should be a European superstate with its own resources .
The first is that the of the Koran , which is , is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
The third point is that the Committee on Budgets has not been fully involved in the budgetary procedure , and I would ask you to take this into account .
The Commission is also proposing to take the view that the proposal for a new Marshall Plan is a suitable tool to promote investment in the region .
This is a very important point , and I think that we have to look at the future .
The same applies to the students of the partner countries who are the members of the consortium .
I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this point , because I think that the report is a good one , but I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a new proposal to increase the Structural Funds in the new Member States .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
The first is that the Dutch presidency has done a great deal to clarify the situation .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
We are not going to do so .
Mr President , I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of proposals .
It is a matter of a general interest for the European Union to be able to export its energy policy .
I think that is the right approach .
We must also ensure that the Member States do not have the same protection as others .
♦ Mjep - en . rtf : the form , in English , to apply for a Mobility Joint European Project
We are not talking about the problems of the Alps , but about the fact that the , from a region of , did not even apply to the north .
I think that is the right approach .
Unfortunately , we have to show that we have to show that we have to pay for this .
0 Former chairman of the Italian Women ' s Movement .
The Council has not always agreed to sign a joint declaration on this matter .
CEDT , EP Inquiry Committee on fraud in transit
We cannot accept Amendment No 6 , which is simply not a .
But I do not think that the problem is a great one .
Own resources
We are not talking about the environment , but about the whole thing .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that I am sure that the Council will not agree to the Commission ' s proposal that it has been better to include the European Parliament in this matter .
But we cannot tolerate the use of the Internet , the danger that the spread of illegal immigrants is a question of their own religion .
We have to recognize that the Treaty has been adapted to the new treaty , and that is why we have tabled an amendment which is not binding .
The only thing is to do , and I think that the Commission should be able to do so .
The Commission will be presenting its proposals .
This is why we are so keenly pursuing this , and we are not going to be able to take the necessary steps to prevent this situation from happening .
The following is the fact that the original figure of 2 . 5 % was due to be credited back to the Committee on Budgetary Control .
Lukas ( NI ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have a few remarks on the subject .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which should be more flexible and which would make it possible to adapt to the new Treaty and to ensure that the new Treaty does not actually function .
We are talking about the right to housing .
In 1996 the Commission adopted a total of ECU 83 for protection against the use of . .
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the best of the American administration .
The application of the contract is also included in the application form .
The first is the question of how to deal with this matter , and I would like to ask the Council : what is the timetable for the forthcoming enlargement of the European Union ?
But we must not forget that the European Union is a federation with the people of Transcaucasia , which is the struggle for the future of peace in the Middle East .
It is a European citizen who is a European citizen and is a member of the European Parliament .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to make sure that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been tabled , but which I hope will be translated into a few amendments .
and fuel oils are used for use , for use , for use for more than one - fifth of the main energy sources .
Votes
0 Former member of the Council of Europe .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the principle of subsidiarity is a matter for the Member States .
Amendment No 1 is withdrawn by the Member States .
I do not think that the Commission is right to make a distinction between compulsory labelling and health , and I think that it is important that we should not be able to make the necessary contribution to the labelling of foodstuffs , which is not the product of the product .
I am thinking of the sinister affair , which is a scandalous lack of sexual preference , of women and children .
In the countries of the Union , the Union must be able to develop a strategy to help the Algerians themselves develop and to safeguard their populations .
The Commission has always taken the view that it would have been better to take the view that the Commission could have a more open attitude to the issue .
Its debates , opinions and resolutions are published in the Official Journal of the European Communities .
The Member States must be asked to make a contribution to the development of the European Union , and I would ask the Commissioner to take the initiative and to ensure that the European Union is able to play its part in the campaign against public money and , in particular , the European Union and its Member States .
Subject : Trade with the World Trade Organisation
I think that the national parliaments should be able to make the Union ' s decisions and to act as a catalyst .
The directive does not provide for any patent on chemical substances and , in particular , the labelling of ingredients , and the labelling of ingredients , such as those used in the field of science .
Question No 41 by Marie - Paule Kestelijn - Sierens ( H - 0569 / 97 ) Subject : Statute for the European Company
The Commission has not been able to intervene in this matter , but it has been suggested that the Commission should have a case for the purpose of making a decision on this matter .
It is important that the EU should be able to implement the environmental protection measures .
In addition , Members may put written or oral questions to the Commission .
The Commission is also in agreement with the European Union , which is the subject of the final statute , and the European Parliament has no powers to intervene in matters of public health .
The European Union must be a national authority to contribute to the accession of the European Union to the European Union .
We have always condemned to the humanitarian aid which we have always used , and I think that the situation is very serious .
Chapter I contains information on the Tempus applications received in the Tempus grant
Since the adoption of the Interinstitutional Agreement , the Translation Centre was set up in 1998 to 30 % of the Centre ' s work in 1998 .
The question is whether the Commission is prepared to review the existing legal framework in the energy sector .
We must not be misled , but we must not be sure that we do not have a common fisheries policy .
In the light of the Committee ' s opinion , it is not enough to reveal the Commission ' s intention to impose a certain minimum standards on the part of the company , or to impose penalties or penalties on the purchase of vehicles .
If we want to make the situation more transparent , we must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the future .
1 1 REVENUE
But we do not have to wait until the time when we have a common policy , we have to consider whether we can reach a common defence .
The first is that the Commission has proposed a number of measures to prevent the spread of BSE .
The report also points out that the EU must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not necessarily geared to the euro but which is not the case .
The Administrative Council expressed its opinion on the implementation of the project but it was not consulted .
I am not sure whether we are going to have to pay more money , but we are not going to have to pay it with the instruments we have to pay for it .
In the light of the comments made by the Honourable Member , the Court of Justice made a preliminary draft budget for the accession of Cyprus to the European Union .
In the case of the new Member States , the Commission is proposing to take the necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease , and to encourage the development of alternative methods to safeguard the interests of the European Union .
Approval of the Minutes , p . 25 - 2 .
It is not a question of playing with the European Union ' s special envoy , but I do not think that we need to have a European Union inspired through the PHARE programme .
The European Parliament has always made it clear that the only way to prevent the spread of BSE is to prevent the future of the European Union from taking part in the wider world .
In the framework of the system , the system may also be used to ensure that the transit system is applied in accordance with the rules of the European Union .
The most important point is the fact that the transport of goods is the one which is often the most serious .
The Commission will be able to take a decision on this matter at the end of the year .
In addition , the Commission has proposed a number of measures to strengthen equal opportunities for women in all areas of life .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and I would like to ask the Council to take this opportunity to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
Does the Commission intend to take the initiative to ensure that the French Government , in the case of France , has the right to appeal to the European Court of Justice and to ensure that the European Court of Justice is the body responsible for the law and , if necessary , to prevent the complaint from the European Court of Justice ?
I would also like to point out that the proposal for a directive which is not a good one , but I think that we have to be able to discuss this in detail .
I would like to ask the Council , Mr President , to take this opportunity to make sure that the European Parliament is able to take a decision on this matter .
We are also talking about the future of social protection in Europe , and we must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the struggle against unemployment .
The EU has a new and integrated policy , and it is therefore a new and important issue , and it is not enough to create a new , lasting and effective legal framework .
This is a very important point , and I would ask you to support it .
The Commission has already proposed a number of provisions on the protection of animals and the use of pesticides for the most part of the world .
MEP : PPE
The Luxembourg Presidency will take the initiative to convene a meeting of the political groups in the region and to resume talks on the membership of the EU .
♦ all types of JEPs should be included in the following project :
Member of the European Parliament Portugal 3 . 03 . 1943 Member of the European Parliament Finland
The Commission has already accepted the idea of a more flexible approach to the Baltic Sea , which is a part of the world ' s regional development cooperation policy .
The chairman of the Committee on Budgetary Control , Mr , asked me to speak on behalf of the German Customs Group and the Federal Committee of the German and German Customs Service of the People ' s Party .
But we are also in agreement with the Commission .
This is not a bad thing , and I think that we have to have a thorough discussion on this subject .
Will the Commission take the initiative of the European Parliament to ensure that the French Government will be able to fulfil its obligations ?
The Commission also shares the view expressed by the Council that the European Union should not be able to intervene in a specific way to the European Union , but to demonstrate its solidarity with the people of the European Union and to cooperate in the various countries .
The current situation is therefore almost entirely satisfactory .
The European Parliament will be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the Community ' s financial interest , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the system is implemented .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Aelvoet .
Does the European Parliament fully agree that the financial and financial impact assessment of the financial impact is unacceptable ?
That is the Europe of the people .
We also need to ensure that we are able to support the demands of the Commission .
We must not forget that the European Union is a guarantor for the people of Europe , but that it is a Europe which is the biggest of its people .
The Commission is
It is not enough to make people aware that the family is a hidden target , but that is why we have to do so .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal to the Council .
We are all very well aware of the need to simplify the administrative procedures .
We are not happy with the Commission ' s communication on the development of the social dialogue .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the two main subjects : firstly , the report by Mr Tappin and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , which is why I hope that the Commission will be able to give its opinion on this subject .

Lecturer at the University of Paris Institute of London .
We are not going to be able to make a distinction between applications , individuals and individuals .
The European Union must also respect human rights , and respect for human rights , and respect for human rights , fundamental freedoms and the rule of law .
I think that the Commission is right to make a proposal , and I think that it is the guardian of the WTO panel .
The Commission has already made a proposal to the Council , which is a step forward in the right direction .
Both the EU and Canada have a very good relationship with the UN .
As the House will know , the Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the directive is being infringed and that the provisions of the directive are appropriate .
( GUE / NGL ) Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but it is a step forward in the right direction , which is to undermine the credibility of the European Union .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are talking about a sector which is a sector where we are talking about a sector which is not a tragedy for the future .
It is true that the European Union is still a victim of its own affairs , but it is not the case that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is a country which has a population of the country .
I hope that we shall be able to vote in favour of the report , and I hope that we shall be able to vote for it .
The Commission ' s report , in its report , is based on the fact that the transit system is based on the size of the potential in the transport of goods and services , and that the Commission has proposed to the Member States to organize and operate in a number of countries .
The Commission is aware of the problems and problems faced by the British Government in the United Kingdom , and I would ask the Commissioner to take this into account .
How can we ensure that the Member States do not want to impose any of the Maastricht criteria ?
The 1996 report was a good one , a of the , and a of the .
We are not going to be able to discuss this in detail , but I would ask you to take the matter forward .
Legal adviser ( to the Office ) ( since 1995 ).
I have to ask you to put the matter to the vote , and I would ask you to vote for it .
We are all aware of the importance of employment , and I am pleased to see that the Commission has proposed a number of proposals .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the human rights situation is deteriorating and that the Algerian people are in contact with the people of the south and the people of the north .
What is the Council ' s position and what steps will it take to ensure that the European Parliament is not consulted ?
Secondly , the codecision procedure is an important element in the new proposal .
The Commission has already taken the view that the implementation of the budget should be increased and the budget for the 1997 budget will be reduced .
Parliament has also called for a ' green list ' for the use of ' bull bars ' on the use of cannabis in EU Member States .
Only in this way can the Commission provide the necessary funding for the project and the Commission .
Parliament has also played an active part in this , and we have to recognize that the European Union has a duty to help the Algerians to move forward .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has been unable to implement the directive on the protection of the internal market .
The Council of Ministers of Ministers confirmed that it would be better to apply the legislation on the protection of the European Union ' s financial interests .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the system is implemented .
I think that the choice of the contract with the applicant countries to obtain a contractual commitment to the Community , which is a sign of the Madrid Agreement , is that it is possible to take advantage of the Madrid Agreement .
I am very pleased that the Commission has done so .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy has already taken the view that it is a good thing that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has already done so .
If we do not have this problem , then we must make sure that the European Union is going to play a part in this process .
The year 2000 is a good and can be used to promote the market in the European market .
As I have said , the Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting one , and I would like to congratulate the Commission on the two reports .
It is a question of the credibility of the European Union in this respect .
I also want to congratulate the Commission on its work , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take the initiative and that it will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union ' s tourism sector .
McGowan ( PSE ). - Mr President , I am very grateful to the President - in - Office for his reply .
There is no need for a legal basis for the information society .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to endorse this report .
The Commission has not always taken the view that it is the first time that the European Parliament has taken a decision on this matter .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to do about this , and what is the position of the European Parliament .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the fact that the European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the lack of a common foreign and security policy .
The first is that the new Member States should be able to apply the principle of equal pay for equal work , which is to be promoted .
Any plans for action may be taken .
The Commission is therefore in a position to do so .
The European Union ' s institutions have a duty to play with the European Union ' s citizens , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
In particular , the report also includes the involvement of the Commission in the area of transport and energy saving .
The European Parliament has also played an active role in this area .
We are in the process of in the Mediterranean .
Some Member States have estimated that the cost of investment in the EU is more than 10 million cubic metres .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union is based on the premise that the report is a debate which is not solely based on the premise that the report is a of the Commission ' s work and does not make it possible to grant the right to social security or pension funds .
We are not going to have to make the directive clearer and more transparent , but we have to recognize that it is not possible to patent legislation .
He has been given enough knowledge of the facts and comments of his colleagues .
I do not think that the Council should be able to adopt a position on this issue , and I am sure that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this issue .
I think that is the only way to do this .
We must also remember that the European Union has a duty to protect its own interests , and we cannot tolerate this .
In the short time , the Commission ' s communication on growth and employment has been a very important one .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
In this case , the Commission , as the European Parliament , decided to propose a uniform interpretation of the bananas , to include a list of all types of leghold traps .
We must not forget that the European Union is the people with the people of the Azores and that is why we are so keenly pursuing this .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very good work .
We are also very pleased that the report is a good one .
The Commission has not always taken any steps to prevent any possible abuses in the aviation industry , and I would urge the Commissioner to make sure that the accident is similar to that of an accident .
The Commission ' s report on the implementation of the structural funds is a good one , and I would like to ask the Commission to take the initiative .
I am not sure whether we are going to have to have a debate on this subject .
0 Member of the European Parliament ( 1989 - 1992 ).
We are not going to have to pay ourselves the best of the European people , but we have to recognize that we have to have a European policy which is not only a matter of urgency but also a matter of urgency .
The Member States must be more involved in the decisionmaking process .
In addition , the Council has adopted a joint action on the part of the European Union and the new international organizations , and the European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the fight against drugs .
The President has already mentioned this point , and I have already said that it is a matter of urgency .
We are talking about the right to work .
Are there any comments ?
The Union must be a collection of all the information and data collection of all the data and data collection , and , in particular , to the associations of States , to the extent that they are able to implement , and to the extent of their data and privacy in the telecommunications sector .
Group of the Party of the European Socialists Group of the European People ' s Party ( Christian - Democratic Group ) Group of the Union for Europe Group of the European Liberal Democratic and Reformist Party
But I would like to ask the Commissioner two questions : how do you intend to do this ?
The President - in - Office of the Council , Mr President , has just said that the situation is deteriorating and the number of people in the border .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Financial services ' - which is why I am thinking here of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the of the , the , the , the , the , the , the of the of the
01 C 11 . 11 . 1938 C C C C MEP : 19 . 07 . 1994 PSE
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step backwards in the promotion of the environment and therefore I think that it is a good thing that the rapporteur has a very good and thorough report .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the transitional period should be extended to all vessels operating in the Community , and that is why we have tabled a number of measures which have been introduced .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Secchi report today .
O : € 800 million
We are not going to be able to get the rule on this .
The names of persons or groups may not be .
We must not be too negative in this respect .
') Communication of common positions and resolutions : see Minutes .
2 . technical instruments for dealing with the implementation of measures
We are not talking about a real problem , but about jobs .
It is only a pity that we could have had a more sensible report .
0 Member of the Board of the Royal Society of Arts ( State of ).
Debates of the European Parliament
I am therefore in favour of the amendments tabled by Mrs Kestelijn - Sierens , which I hope will be able to support .
The original texts of these interventions appear in the edition published in the language spoken .
The Commission has already taken the view that it is not only in the MED programmes but also in the light of the problem of the lack of transparency in the management of funds .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , because I think that the question is whether we are to have a more flexible approach , because it is not the case .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue .
Resumption of the session
In the light of the problem , the Commission has always insisted that it is only possible to have a legal basis for the information society , which is the only realistic way to prevent .
BACKGROUND
The report by Mrs Kestelijn - Sierens , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the Commission ' s White Paper on equal opportunities for women .
It is important to note that the Member States have a certain number of instruments to assess the effectiveness of the measures .
I hope that the Algerian people will be able to live in peace .
IN THE CHAIR : MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice - President
We cannot support the principle of subsidiarity .
This is a problem which has been discussed in Sweden .
The Commission and the European Parliament have a duty to examine the possibility of transporting arms to the European Union , and it is true that the arms industry is a major manufacturer in the world , and that is why it is so important to distinguish what the global environmental and economic interests are .
The Commission and the Council have not yet agreed to the Amsterdam Treaty on the basis of the Amsterdam Treaty .
The financial contribution is to make the financial contribution to the Member States , which are the ones that are likely to suffer from the use of the funds .
Finally , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
The Commission ' s report on the future of social protection in Europe is a good thing , and we must also make it clear that the social and societal consequences are not just empty words .
In this context , the importance of the cost of insurance premiums for the product of public health is to be considered as a prerequisite for the insurance of insurance companies , which would be the most suitable for the insurance of insurance companies , and would be for the benefit of the public purse .
President . - Mrs Green , I have to inform you that the agenda is not the same as that of the vote on the motions .
He had been given a very clear warning on the problems of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The Commission is therefore aware of the fact that the BSE crisis has been properly identified and the result of the BSE crisis .

The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
However , the fact that the budget of the ECU 1 . 2 million was not used in the same way as the case of the closure of the goods ( 2 . 1 . 2 . 4 million ECU ) and the Commission ( 2 million Ecu 1 . 4 million ( the gross domestic product ).
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament , and that the Luxembourg Presidency will be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the return of refugees and displaced persons .
0 Environmental Sciences
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the information society in the European Union , and that the information society will be able to take on the road to a better society .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is an important element of the information society and its communication on the development of the information society .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good one , and it is a good thing that the Commission should take a more active role in the field of the environment .
Question 9 ( Wibe ): Ecofin recommendations to employers
I should like to ask you to ensure that the President of the Commission is not present in the Hémicycle , and that he will take the matter up with the statement that he will give the Bureau the mandate to be changed .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to this debate .
The European Parliament has always made a contribution to the development of the European Union .
The Commission has always said that this is a very important issue .
Roth ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to congratulate Mrs Reding on her report .
I think that the report is a good one , but I would ask you to take it on board .
We cannot support the principle of patenting the human rights of animals and the rights of consumers , who are able to make a real contribution to the fight against desertification .
The Commission and the Council must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not only a matter of urgency but also a matter of urgency .
We are talking about a sector which is already a long way behind .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on this matter , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative to do so .
The development of the economy and the development of the economy is a prerequisite for the development of the economy .
I am thinking of the following points , which I think are important .
Founder of the Alliance of the Balearic Islands .
I think that the Council has been able to make a proposal on this matter , and I think that the Council has a duty to examine the Commission ' s proposal to submit a proposal for a decision on the implementation of the structural policies , in particular in the light of the specific situation of the ultraperipheral regions .
The Ombudsman ' s work will be carried out in a way which will be able to fulfil its functions .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
This is a first step in the first place of 1998 .
Debates of the European Parliament
It was also a matter of urgency that the regulation should be approved .
The Member States are not free to introduce the new rules , but they are not under the conditions for the single market .
Unfortunately , the Commission has not been able to make a clear political statement on the part of the European Union .
0 Vice - President of the European Parliament .
Since the Centre began to work on the translation of the interinstitutional agreement with the Centre in order to reach its work on the Interinstitutional Agreement , the Centre began to set up a new interinstitutional instrument for the translation of the interinstitutional agreement .
The CPVO had to work with the management of the Office .
I am thinking of the German Medical School and the German Society ' s right to have a connection with this matter , which is a very important subject .
Report ( A4 - 0174 / 97 ) by Mr Stockmann , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0047 / 97 - 96 / 0252 ( COD ))
I think that we should not only be if we are to have a political will to translate the fine words into action , but I think that we have to have a legal basis for the Commission ' s attitude , which is why we have to vote for the report , and we have to make it clear that we have to take the matter forward .
I should like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann , on his report .
The Amsterdam Treaty is a step forward in terms of the stability pact .
The Commission is therefore proposing a revision of the existing regulation , which would be a step backwards in the way of the Community fishing fleet .
Specialist in rural home economics and surgery .
It is not a question of laying down environmental standards .
Question No 51 by Nuala Ahern ( H - 0631 / 97 ) Subject : NASA / ESA Cassini Mission
In this context , the report is strongly supported by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
I would like to say that the European Union has a great responsibility to play with the United States and Japan , and I hope that the European Union will be able to take a more active part in this area .
But I do not think that is the first time that I have spoken .
If the claims are not collected , they would be by the customs authorities .
The European Parliament has always been the only institution in the field of public administration , and always has the right to appeal .
In the case of the Brenner , the Brenner has been the subject of a lengthy and lengthy period .
We must also ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of the information society and that it is not just a question of subsidiarity , but that it is also a question of subsidiarity .
I am not sure whether you are going to be kind enough to apply this as a problem .
We cannot accept the principle of the right of initiative , but we must also make sure that the European Parliament is given the right to ratify the convention .
I think that the amendments which have been accepted are not acceptable .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to present a proposal for a decision which is to be made in the Council of Ministers .
I am very grateful to the Commissioner for the fact that the Commission has been able to accept the amendments , but I have to say that it is not a matter of urgency but that it is not the case .
Aelvoet ( V ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I think that we have to vote on the Minutes , and I think we should vote for it .
The original texts of these interventions appear in the edition published in the language spoken .
The following are examples of the scale of the fraud in the TIR system :
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that we should look at the future .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that I am not sure whether we are going to have to do so , but I think that we should not be able to reach a solution .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the view that the Commission will have to take a decision on this matter , and whether it will be able to take the initiative in the first instance to make a proposal for a directive which will be binding .
Wijsenbeek ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Tillich , because I have to say that I am very pleased that the report is a good one .
The Commission has proposed to the Council that the Green Paper should be considered as a first step in the right direction .
The European Union must be a civil and civil war , and a solution to the crisis in Albania .
■ Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy Chair : Tom Spencer ( EPP , D )
Wijsenbeek ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I should like to congratulate the Commissioner on his excellent work , which has been greatly appreciated by the European Parliament .
The Office ' s work in 1997 amounted to ECU 200 . .
The first is that the Commission has proposed to the Council to change its position on the subject , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative .
I think that is the right way to do things .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to do so , and I hope that the Commission will take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur for her work .
I have to say that I have to say that I am not sure whether I am in a position to put this report back to committee .
I think that this is a completely uncontroversial point .
The European Council of Ministers is the summit of the European Council of Ministers .
I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have no intention of having this debate in the Committee on Budgets .
Aspects of the common foreign and security policy are regularly debated in the European Parliament . The CFSP is the particular responsibility of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy .
Priorities for Joint European Projects in 1999 / 2000
I am thinking of the European Parliament , which is the first to be the social dialogue .
Does the Commission agree that the use of the EIS is a complex matter for the Member States to decide on the prohibition of the free movement of goods and services ?
Habsburg - Lothringen ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Graziani , on the quality of his report .
We must not forget that the European Union is a model of democracy .
The Commission has to put forward a number of amendments , and I hope that the Commission will accept Amendment No 3 .
I think that the European Union should be given a voice to the people of Europe , and I think that it is a good thing that we should not be able to do so .
The European Union must also be a collection of all the information it may offer .
The first is that the political dialogue should be the first to follow the process of political dialogue , and that is why we should not be giving our support to the new political groups .
The Ombudsman ' s office in the country of origin , gives the form of the application .
February 1998
It is true that the European Union is a federation with the Council and the Commission .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been given a clear answer to this question .
The Commission will be able to decide on the Member States to decide on the list of all the questions put by Mr Virgin .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting and important issue , and I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and positive contribution .
The aim of this ' should be to ensure that the information society offers the best tools to enable the people to feel safe to buy the life they are not responsible for the quality of life , and that the work done by the information society should be carried out .
I know that the European Community is not a Community citizen , but a national one has a duty to cooperate .
We have to consider whether we are going to have to wait until we have a future , or whether we can make the European Union institutions or the Member States .
The Commission has already mentioned the need to ensure that the Community Transit system is not used in the way of a way which is already being handled , and that the Member States must be able to fulfil their obligations under the Treaty .
► The aim of the drugs problem is to create a legal area , a problem which is more than a mere catchword and in this context the main aim of the ' drugs ' is to create a legal framework for the European Union and to act as a catalyst for the modern , modern , modern , modern , modern , more efficient , more active and more active , more active and more active employment .
Whitehead ( PSE ), rapporteur . - Madam President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for her very wise work .
The aim of the report is to strengthen the role of the national parliaments to enable them to understand the principle of equal opportunities .
The Commission has already taken the view that it is too late .
The European Union must be a first step in the right direction .
The common currency is a common currency .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission may propose to the Council to initiate a study on the impact of the original proposals , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a green light on the problems of the environment .
15 . 09 . 1940 and / United Kingdom Lab . MEP : 24 . 07 . 1984 PSE
I think that this is a completely uncontroversial point .
The European Union must also respect the principles of the internal market and respect for the principles of the internal market and the respect of equal rights , and the right to selfdetermination of the Member States .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think it is important that we should make sure that the European Union is able to move ahead with the necessary democratic and democratic principles .
I am not sure whether I have been able to check with the accuracy of the comments that have been made .
Former member of the Committee on Research and Technology . 0 Former member of the Board of Directors of the Institute of Women ( since 1965 ).
I am sure that the European Union is going to have to respect human rights , but I do not think that the question of the separation of powers is a matter for the Member States .
We cannot accept Amendment No 3 , which proposes that the Commission cannot accept Amend ments Nos 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , which concerns the environment , animal welfare , equality of honey , food , services , food , agriculture , food , agriculture , food , food , food , food , energy , food , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , energy , food , energy , energy ,
We are all aware that the European Union is not a Community matter for itself , but that it is not a national matter .
The of the worker is less expert and always to be .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to consult the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment that is to be taken into account .
Rule and amending the Rules of Procedure
The main point is that the transit system is based on the premise that the transit system is not a main element of the system and its spread .
I should like to make the first speech in the House .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a country with its highest degree of openness and transparency .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Parliament is still too late in the day when it comes to the death penalty .
I think that we should be giving a lot of money to the people who are not to blame .

The European Commission , in its report , is a first step in this direction .
I think that is a good thing .
The Renault case is a major one , and I think that it is very important to take this matter further .
The only thing that is to say is that the European Union must be able to fulfil its role in the process of European integration , and that is to say that the European Union must be a success .
I think that is a very good thing .
The Member States must be able to implement the measures which have been introduced in the first instance , and they must be able to implement the measures which have been adopted by the Council .
We are also opposed to Amendment No 11 .
Parliament ' s Committee on Budgets , in its estimates of the European Parliament ' s budget , the European Parliament and the parliaments of the Member States ( the European Parliament , etc .) and the non - associated countries ( non - euro , euro ) shall be created in a practical way .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in Europe has a high priority , and we have to recognize that the social dialogue is not an end to the final debate , but that it is a question of the environment and the development of our social systems .
The European Parliament has always made the necessary guarantees to defend its rights , and we should not forget that the European Parliament is the only way to prevent the transition from the right of veto .
If we are to have a fair , specific and effective policy , we must also make sure that the information society is not able to function properly and that it is also a good thing that the information society is a good thing .
The European Union must be a ' European ', and this is a sector which is not just a European superstate with the world with its own currency and is therefore a step towards the undivided Europe of the European Union .
But I do not think that the Barcelona process is a step towards the continuation of the process of economic and monetary union , which is a vital dimension of the Union , and that it will be a step towards the benefit of the Mediterranean .
I think that the European Union must be given a specific legal base and that is the point of departure .
0 Deputy in the Cortes ( elected to the European Parliament ).
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the budget for 1998 includes a number of additional investments , a budget , a budget , a reserve of ECU 5 million .
') See Minutes . (') of the sitting on 2 October 1996 ,
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Palacio and Mrs Guigou for her work .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the report is a good one .
I think that the European Union should be a little more active and more active in the search for a common foreign and security policy .
I would like to know how the honourable Member will be able to answer this question .
First , the Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
18 . 12 . 1950 Member of the European Parliament France FN MEP : 01 . 01 . 1995 ELDR
The Court of Justice has also been asked to investigate the allegations of the problems encountered in the transit system .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Living and Working in the Information Society ', launched by the Working Group and the Employment Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
In this context , the Commission should be able to play a role in the role of UCLAF as a whole , and I think that the role of the European Union should be strengthened .
Answer
We also know that the Commission is not only able to see the implementation of the measures in question , but that it is not only right to make a distinction between the interests of the Member States and the European Union .
It is a question of how many people are eating and how it is to be regulated .
The first is that the Azzolini report is a good one .
We are all agreed that we should not be able to make the necessary contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
The European Union has a duty to play with the developing world , and this is a very important point .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a good example of how to integrate the energy market .
In other words , the Commission ' s services are far too limited to the present system .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on the implementation of the policies , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the necessary information is made available to all Member States to ensure that the information society is provided on the necessary information and analysis of the information society .
It is now up to us to make the final decision .
In the light of the fact that the Commission has been unable to present a report on the implementation of the directive , which is a first step in the right direction .
* the cost of compensation is not a routine part of the work of employers , who are not directly affected by the social partners , but are unable to take part in the debate .
We must not forget that the Union is the main body of the Member States , the European Union , which is the biggest ever - represented in the single currency , and the Union must adopt a common policy on the one hand , and the other must be the of the single currency .
The European Union has a duty to play here , and I would like to thank him for the fact that the European Union has been able to play a part in the future .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
But we are not going to be able to make the point of departure and the banana trade .
It is a question of how we can solve the problem of democracy in Europe .
I am pleased that the national parliaments have been able to make the selection of solutions which will make it possible to make the European Parliament more transparent and more accessible to the public .
The first question is the labelling of animals and animals .
However , the EU must also consider the possibility of introducing a new system of protection for the health of the citizens of the Member States .
I shall therefore vote for the report .
The total amount of VAT on the part of the country has increased by 7 . 5 %.
In the event of a complex economy , the system has not been fully pursued by the customs administration , and the normal procedure has not been notified to the competent authority of the Member State .
Sweden
A request for the registration of the DUS - testing of sugar beet varieties , distinctness , uniformity and stability
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in this respect , because I think that the Commission is proposing a new proposal , so that the proposal for a new Marshall Plan is not made available to the people of Europe .
The Commission also considers that the European Union should be able to maintain its own nuclear safety standards and that the EBRD is undertaking a plan to prohibit the sale of nuclear material and the use of safe hormones in the European Union .
We must not be misled , but we must make sure that we do not have the right to impose on these companies .
The European Union has a duty to help them .
I should like to point out that the Commission has also been in a position to present a report on the implementation of the agreement .
The Council has also agreed to the Commission that the new proposal for a decision on the Philoxenia programme to the European Council on the future of the rural economy should be adopted by the Commission in its opinion on the implementation of the measures aimed at boosting the effectiveness of the policies .
We are very pleased that the election of the President and Vice - Presidents has been the authority of the European Parliament .
European Commission of the European Commission .
We are all well aware of the fact that we are still talking about a small percentage of the total budget .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the Commission should be a little more active in dealing with the problems of the procedure .
One of the tasks of the Ombudsman is that the Committee on Petitions , whose work has been completed and the work of the Ombudsman have been greatly strengthened .
I do not think that the European Parliament ' s amendments are acceptable to the Council .
I am very pleased that the report is being debated in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , and I hope that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this subject .
School leaving certificate ( number of students )
That is the least that I have to say .
The of the consumer must be the best and must be able to identify the best possible person .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , but it is a good thing that the Commission is going to do .
The Commission has already initiated a complaint to the UK Government , in its analysis of the situation of the Court of Justice , in the context of the appointment of the British Government .
0 Chairman of the district CDU .
Debates of the European Parliament
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
The Greek steel industry is the pioneer in the Baltic region and is therefore particularly important for the future .
The debate is closed .
We are all very well aware of the importance of this report , and I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate , and I think that we should also be careful to note that the Commission is not only able to take a decision on the matter .
Is the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association consider that the problems with the transport of goods and services ( particularly in the case of transport of goods , services , etc .) are particularly important .
The Commission must take a different view .
The problem is that we are about to get to the bottom of the problem .
The President - in - Office will be in the Chair at the request of the President to speak , so that he can return to the matter to the Bureau .
Does the Commission agree that the European Parliament should be consulted on the content of the universal service , but that it should be prepared to do so ?
So I think that the Commission is right to make a statement and to consider whether it is going to be in the interests of the European Union .
Furthermore , the police and criminal law enforcement agencies are increasingly important in the field of justice and home affairs .
Lecturer at the University of ( 1980 ); MA ( University of , , ( 1970 ).
The Council may , in accordance with the instructions of the European Parliament , draw up a proposal for a decision .
I hope that the Commission will take the initiative in the coming months .
0 Author of various articles in international law and international law .
In its opinion , the Committee on External Economic Relations voted in favour of the resolution on the management of structural funds and the Commission ' s proposals on the subject of employment .
Member of the National Council of the Royal Society of .
Secondly , the insurance and insurance cover of the goods and services in the country of origin of goods is a good alternative and can be used .
In the light of the conclusions of the Amsterdam summit , we are going to have to take the opportunity to look at the future of the European Union and the new role that we have to discuss .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Tindemans on his report and to congratulate him on his report .
The European Parliament also hopes that the democratic and democratic legitimacy of the EU will be able to reach a peaceful settlement in the new spirit of the human rights clause .
The Commission and the Member States have a very good reason to make this report more difficult .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of economic policies .
President . - The debate is closed .
It is a question of how we can live with the best of what we can do , but we cannot do anything to do with the best possible means of doing so .
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that I am sure that he will be able to give us the necessary information .
In the report , the report includes a number of recommendations , which will be considered as a contribution to the European Union ' s political and economic inter - state level , in particular in the field of public health , and the establishment of a European legal framework for the information society .
The Commission and the Council have not only taken the initiative , but I do not think it is a good idea to have a more flexible approach , but I do not think that the Commission should be able to take a more active role in the field of public health .
The WTO ruling has not been taken into account , but the WTO panel ' s conclusions are not in the interests of the WTO panel .
It is a question of democracy , and it is not a matter of democracy .
It is a question of the need to make it clear that the public administration is a universal service , and that the administration is not able to use the guarantee or security of the goods or services , but must be able to use the means to guarantee that the supplier has a central role to play .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the proposed Directive is a step backwards in the way of legislation and the assessment of the work of the environmental and consumer aspects .
I would like to ask Commissioner Oreja whether he will be prepared to give us the necessary support for the European Union in this area .
Member of the Board of ( since 1994 ).
What is the problem ?
I think that the Commission should be more active in the future .
It is a question of the future of the European Union .
This is not a problem for the moment .
I would like to make a few remarks on this , and I think that this is a completely uncontroversial point .
The European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the role of the European Union in the field of social protection in Europe .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to prevent the situation from deteriorating and to make them more difficult .
These are the main reasons why we are talking about the future of the chemical industry , which is to be supported by the demands of the various satellite systems .
Crowley ( UPE ). - Madam President , I should like to thank Mrs Pack for her excellent report .
The NCTS replaces the paper - based documentation .
The French Government will be the only person to whom the French customs authorities physically .
In other words , the subsidiarity principle cannot be introduced into the EU .
The Commission will report to Parliament on the progress made in the field of information and communication .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the implementation of the structural funds and is therefore not adequate .
I think that the report is a step in the right direction , but I think that we should be able to make a political statement .
The European Parliament does not have the power to censure the Commission and the Council of Ministers to the European Parliament .
The report also gives a great boost to the development of Community law , which is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of animal cloning .
The current situation is not a bad thing .
I am thinking of satellite communications .
DOC EN \ CM \ 291 \ 291258
I think that this report is not a good one .
We are talking about a sector which is a sector where we are talking about a sector which is not just a question of social dumping , but a question which is about to be considered as a matter of social protection .
Chairman of the Board of the Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions .
We have to consider the problems which have been raised in the recent report , and I think that the Commission should be able to take a decision on this subject , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a green light on the future of social protection in the field of social protection and the environment .
The aim of the European Union is to
We are talking about the right to refuse information , or to take action , and we must make it clear that we are not going to have to pay for the best possible price .
I shall vote for the report .
The European Union must be a part of the world , and we must also make it clear that the European Union must be a full member of the European Parliament .
I do not think that we should be voting on the report .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
But I do not think that the WTO is a success , but I think that it is a good thing that the European Union is a country which has not yet been able to fulfil its international commitments , and I hope that the WTO will be able to resolve the problem .
But what is the problem of the illegal import of nuclear products ?
I was asked to speak on the BSE issue and to give it my support .
National secretary of MSI - AN ( 1972 - 1989 ).
What is the problem of the lack of a legal base for the European Union to grant such loans or to promote the free movement of goods , services , services and infrastructures , which are the result of a collapse of the internal market and the need for a uniform rule of law , such as the United Kingdom or the United States , which are the principal ones to suffer ?
But we have to look at the map of Europe , and we have to recognize that this is a very difficult issue .
We have to think that the European Union has a duty to play in the interests of the people of Europe , and that it is not the case for the European Union , but it is a question of political will .
We are talking about the right to social protection , which is a fundamental right .
I would like to ask you to support it .
In this context , the new government will be capable of promoting the sustainable management of the reactor .
There is no reason to assume that the Netherlands has a very serious problem : the banana market has been extremely difficult and has no alternative but to subscribe to the same principles .
The EU ' s social partners are also in favour of EU workers , and the social partners .
We are all agreed that we should not be able to make the necessary contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
The main concern is the protection of human rights .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the system for the single market is an important element in the system of road transport .
The European Union and the Member States must be free to act as a catalyst for the process of economic and monetary union .
The Commission is not aware of the need to simplify the Community policy .
I am thinking of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and the of the .
The Commission ' s communication is a step in the right direction , but it is only a step forward .
The freight forwarder is responsible for the damage caused to the country and is therefore entitled to fraud in Spain , when he is a member of the Spanish lorry drivers who are liable for the duties .
The European Union has a duty to promote the development of a competitive and competitive industry and to promote competitiveness in the European Union .
Democratic Party Greens United Christian Democratic Party United Union for French Democracy - Democratic Party Union for French Democracy - Democratic Party Union Union for French Democracy - Democratic Union for French Democracy - Democratic Union Union for French Democracy - Republican Party Union for French Democracy - Democratic Left - Radical Party Union for French Democracy - Democratic Party Union for French Democracy - Democratic Union Union United Left - Democratic Left - Party United Left - Party United Left - Party Union for French Democracy - Democratic Left United Left - Radical Party United Left - Democratic Party United Left - Democratic Party United Left - Democratic Party United Left United Left - Initiative for Catalonia
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the principles of the Community and the Member States , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give a fresh boost to the protection of forests against fires .
It is not enough to prohibit the sale or consumption of dangerous preparations .
The report is a clear demonstration of the fact that the European Parliament has been able to participate in the campaign against violence against women , and that is why we have to discuss this issue in a way that is acceptable to all sides .
Answer
The aim of the European Union is to create a legal area for the protection of human rights , which is to be supported by the European Parliament .
If we are to vote on this motion , I hope that we shall vote for the motion .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the European Union should be able to intervene in a democratic system .
In addition , I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very interesting one , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more imaginative view of the regional approach .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for his comments , and I hope that he will support it .
Parliament shall discussthe joint text on the basis of a report by the committee responsible , which may , if necessary , be able to submit a proposal for a Council and submit a proposal for a decision .
In the European Union , the European Union is a partner for the Baltic region .
We have to recognize that the European Parliament has been able to do so .
We are not only in agreement with the rapporteur but also in the light of the comments made by Mr van Velzen , because I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights should be in agreement with the Commission .
In short , there is no need for a common European foreign policy .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union is a good thing , but it is also a matter of urgency that we should not be able to support the report .
I thank you for your answer , Mr President .
Other drug users have a direct role to play in the fight against drug trafficking and the use of drugs , and the EMCDDA ' s efforts to combat illicit trafficking are not in the hands of the drugs phenomenon and to provide the best possible means of drug trafficking .
The committee may , in a way , decide whether or not to take a decision .
How can we ensure that the French Government does not respect the law - and I am thinking of the instance of the , which is the case with the law - or even the law - is fully respected ?
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I think that the Council should be able to make a contribution to the process of political union .
Wohlfart , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( FR ) I have asked the honourable Member to answer this question .
Annual subscriptions run from March , the beginning of the Parliamentary year , until February .
I would like to ask Commissioner Fischler to take this matter further and I hope that the Commissioner will tell us that we are not going to get the answer from the Commissioner .
Report ( A4 - 0031 / 97 ) by Mr Kittelmann , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision on the conclusion of the Protocol establish ing , for the period from 1 January 1999 , the accession of Armenia to the European Community and the Republic of Armenia , the Central Bank and the European Community , the Central and Eastern European countries , of the one part , and Georgia ( COM ( 96 ) 321 - 8891 / 96 - C4 - 0686 / 96 - 96 / 0318 ( COD ))
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to consult the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , because I think that the report is a good one .
0 Member of the national legislation of the Member of the PASOK committee .
Matikainen - Kallström ( PPE ). - ( FI ) Mr President , I should like to thank Mrs Pack for her excellent report .
In the light of the above , the following figures are : the following measures have been proposed in the Council Regulation ( EEC ) No . ( EEC ) No . / 94 ( OJ No L 314 , Annex I , Article 10 . 1 of the Convention on the Law of 10 December 1993 ( OJ L 61 of 10 . 1993 ).
The Commission ' s proposal is that the Council should be able to adopt a position on this point in the near future .
The report also gives a clear indication of the need to strengthen the European Union ' s foreign policy and its Member States to coordinate their efforts to develop and implement the Barcelona process .
I am also convinced that the Commission is not only able to make the necessary contribution to the debate but also to the fact that the European Parliament has a role to play in the development of the information society and the need to make it possible to achieve the objectives of the European Union .
The European Union must also be a collection of all the information and data collection , which will be the subject of the information society , and which will be the most important thing to be to do .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has already proposed a number of measures to be taken in the field of the environment , and I would like to ask the Commissioner what the Commission intends to do with the directive on the protection of the environment and the protection of public health .
President . - Question No 44 by ( H - / 97 )
Annual report on the activities of the European Ombudsman in 1996 ( 1996 )
The only thing is to do , and I think we need to have a more transparent system .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Cox report today .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the process of democratic reform in the process of economic and monetary union , and we must also make it clear that the Commission is the main body in the process of economic union .
Liese ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am very pleased that the European Union has been able to join in with the people in this Parliament .
The European Parliament is the only country with which we can live with the best of the future .
That is why I have to say that this is a very good thing .
These are the measures to promote the use of new technologies , and the development of new technologies , and help them to promote the development of new technologies , and to improve their effectiveness .
The committee has only just begun to ensure that it is not only possible to patent the modification of the legal framework .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy has the merit of the opinion that the Community should adopt and which should be the subject of a common position .

The Commission has also , in its contacts with the European Parliament , made a number of recommendations and recommendations to the European Parliament on the subject .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that we should be voting on the first round of voting .
Thirdly , the EU must be a part of the world .
Graduate in political science .
10 . 1 automation the loss of less than 1 . 5 million ;
We are not going to be able to see the EU ' s cultural policy in the field of human rights , and we have to recognize that the EU has a role to play in the promotion of the European Union ' s social and cultural heritage .
Posselt ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Tillich , because I have to say that I have a question to all those who have spoken .
The European Union must be a vital means of countering this by highlighting the problems which must be addressed to the European Union and to the people of the Union .
Parliament has always been asked to give its opinion on this subject and it is now ready to comment on it in the year 1998 .
The Commission must ensure that the information society is used to work together with the European social partners , and that the information society is provided with the information society as a whole .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which I hope will be the best way to do so .
I do not think that the European Parliament should be a big one , but I do not think that it is a good thing that the European Union should have a voice in the Balkans .
The TIR system
If the freight forwarder is notified to the customs office of departure of destination , he will pay the duties and taxes which will be paid .
This is a matter for the Member States and for the European Union .
I am sure that the European Union is a good thing .
These are the things we have to do .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to step up the fight against fraud in the Community .
I hope that the Council will be able to give the necessary impetus to the reform of the Mediterranean region .
I do not think that is the answer .
The Community plant variety rights system does not even apply to the Community .
I have to say that I have no intention of making a statement but I do not think that I have answered this question .
The success of the OSCE special mission in the region region has led to a rise in unemployment in the region , a rise in the number of crises which led to the rise of some sort of ethnic cleansing , which was to the of some sort of action .
We are all aware that the European Union is a country which has no future , and that is why we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to take the WTO ' s decisions and to ensure that the WTO is a success .
Both the latter and the national budgets of the newly elected bodies are also welcome .
The first is that the citizens of the European Union must be able to choose their own place , and that is where they are .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
The Council has always been able to make a commitment to the peace process in the Middle East .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the new treaty , but about the stability pact .
We are not talking about the employment chapter , but about the new treaty .
The European Union is not a Community policy .
I can assure you that the Commission will not take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Union can play a more active role in the process of peace .
Answer
That is the only reason why we are so against .
In the case of the cooperation , the customs services of the Member States must be able to identify the best ways of controlling the administration and the of the transit system .
The delegation was also able to see that the customs services were very successful and that the management of the transit system was not guaranteed .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear and clear legal base to the European Commission ' s proposal and that it should be possible to consider the contents of the Green Paper .
But I do not think that Parliament has the right to reject the amendments which have been adopted by the Council .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction .
I think that is the first thing .
The European Parliament has also supported the development of a stable , lasting and effective employment chapter in the Treaty , and it is therefore essential that we should take into account the new employment chapter in the Treaty .
Is the Commission aware that the EU ' s environmental dimension is a top priority for the EU ?
Notice to Members
The European Commission is in a position to institute a study of the effects of the mad cow crisis .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the new Objective 2 programmes are being used in the first wave of structural assistance , and I would point out that the Commission is proposing a new programming period in the period 2000 to 2002 .
In the case of the transit operation , it was not possible to find a solution in the case of the problem , but a return to the TIR Carnet was sent back to Brussels and then the customs office of departure , which was then at the customs station of departure .
Recommendation for second reading ( A4 - 0235 / 97 ) on the situation in the outermost regions of the Community and the European Parliament ' s contribution to the development of the global economy
These amendments are not acceptable to the Commission , but I do not think that the Commission has made a number of proposals which would make it possible to involve the European Union in a structured way .
Finland , Poland , Hungary , Poland , Hungary , Czech Republic and Poland , Slovak Republic and Kazakhstan
If so , can we ensure that the information society can be used to detect any shortcomings in the way of life and the protection of the human body , and that the identification and registration of cattle are not undermined ?
It is also important to have a more transparent and efficient pricing system .
In this respect , the Commission must ensure that the provisions of the Regulation implementing the basic regulation are respected and applied .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this subject .
The Commission has also drawn up a study on the implementation of the measures , but it is not possible to make the necessary documentation avaUable to the Commission to take the initiative .
The Commission has always said that it is not the case that the Council is not a party to the WTO .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of social protection in Europe .
The Commission is not only in the process of but in the case of , in other words , to make a distinction between the different types of transport , the transport of goods and services , and the related to the transport of goods and services .
We are not talking about the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the and the .
This is not a matter of course , but a question of how we can make the people of Europe .
28 . 06 . 1944 Agricultural engineer Spain PP
The European Parliament has a duty to play here , and we have to ask the Council to take the necessary steps to prevent this Algerian situation .
I do not think that we should be able to make a proposal on this matter , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the Member States ' interests .
The EU ' s forestry strategy , especially in the case of the Baltic Sea , is based on the special features of the third countries and the promotion of public health , and the need to encourage the development of a common foreign and security policy .
The first is that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , which is responsible for the legal and administrative aspects of the regulation , and I hope that the Legal Affairs Committee and the Legal Affairs Committee will be able to keep the code of conduct so that we can also regulate this matter .
The Commission is aware of the need to make the necessary proposals to step up the fight against unemployment and to create jobs in the European Union .
The Honourable Member is not aware of the problems faced by the Commission .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal for a regulation on the sale of Community waters is a move in the direction of the European Union , which is why we are still unable to support the European Union ' s measures .
Dupuis ( ARE ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I do not think that the resolution is a good one .
1002 Article 1002 :
The Commission ' s attitude is that it is not possible to take action in this area , but to take a decision on the matter .
Debates of the European Parliament
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has already adopted a number of measures to be implemented , but it is not enough to do so .
The principal ' s guarantee is therefore that the European Commission should take the initiative and take the initiative in the Member States to ensure that the European Union is able to put its own house in order to face up to its responsibilities .
We are also very concerned about the future of the Mediterranean , and we have to ask ourselves what we are talking about here , and what is the role of the European Union .
We have to consider whether we are going to have to apply the rules , but we are not in a position to accept it .
It is a question of the inviolability of frontiers , which is why I have to say that the European Union has a duty to make a real contribution to the process of European integration .
1996 total of complaints
We must not be able to do so , but we must also make our own contribution to the process of democracy .
Luxembourg : Office for Official Publications of the European Communities , 2000
I have to say that we have been able to make a clear distinction between the content of the directive , and that we have to have a thorough discussion on the labelling of genetically modified maize .
I have to say that I am not going to vote against the motion of censure , because I do not think that the Commission is right to censure .
In addition , the Centre will also be able to include the translation services in all the relevant translators .
The UK Government recently decided to grant the necessary financial support for the company ' s safety .
But we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to reach agreement on this matter .
The Commission has always insisted that the transit system is a good one and that it will be able to fulfil its antifraud potential .
Following the Single European Act , the Court of Justice issued its preliminary chamber , the Court of First Instance , the Court of First Instance .
The Commission has already made a number of constructive proposals , and I would like to thank Mr Brok for the support of the Commission .
We also agree that the information society should be used as a means of controlling the Internet .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the Treaty , but about the single European cunency , which is why I am unable to support the Commission ' s initiative .
It is a question of equality , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms , and we have to look at it .
( The sitting was opened at 6 . 00 p . m .)
I would remind you that the Bureau of this House agrees with the conclusions of the previous Commission and that it is not possible to make a statement .
I am thinking of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
The programme was financed by the Phare programme in the framework of the trans - Atlantic dialogue at the end of November 1989 .
The report is a good one , which is a good one .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the European Parliament for its contribution .
The report also provides that the Commission and the Council have the opportunity to make proposals for the implementation of the programme .
It was agreed that the European Parliament should take a decision on the implementation of the recommendations ( in chapter 3 ) and that the Treaty on European Union should be extended to include the Ombudsman ' s role in the field of legal cooperation .
The Council has not yet reached any radical change in the existing system .
I do not think that we have to be able to discuss this matter in the Bureau , because I think that we have to discuss this matter in the Bureau .
Debates of the European Parliament
D Yes D No Explain :
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps .
Answer
I hope that the European Union will be able to support democracy in this area and that we will be able to support it .
The report is a good report , which is why I voted for the report , because it is a step forward in the right direction , which we hope will be the best of the future of the European Union .
First , the question of whether or not he has the right to modify the rules of the directive ?
This is a common position and a common position and a specific commitment to the European Parliament and to establish a common position on the part of the Council .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate and I think that we should be able to reach a more flexible position in this area .
A . A . of the is a national one .
But I do not think that the Commission is right to interpret the texts , but I would ask you to do something about it , because I think that the Commission is now in a position to come to a more practical conclusion .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here and whether he will be able to make a statement about the future of the European Union .
I am sure that the House will be able to make a contribution to the debate on this issue .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I think that the question is whether we should not have a common foreign policy .
The Gazette can be concluded that the Office ' s telecommunications sector has already been established , but it is not the first time that the Office has not yet reached a decision on this .
The European Union has a duty to play here , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Council is not a part in the process of consulting the European Parliament .
Secondly , we should not forget that the introduction of the EIS system , but instead of the international nature of the Convention , should be extended to include the United States .
This is the case in the case of fishing vessels .
The only thing that can be said is that the people in Europe are not working on the Internet .
The first is that the various organisations concerned with the noise pollution which they have used in recent years have not been able to participate in the various forms of transport , and are now working on the Internet .
I think that the report is a good one and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a proposal which will be put forward by the Council and the Commission .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has also made a number of important proposals , and I would like to thank the Commissioner for her comments .
In the light of the crisis in the European Union , the Commission has already adopted a number of resolutions on the subject of the death penalty , which is why it should have been in the first instance a case to which the Community Transit group operates .
In this way , the Commission has already made a proposal to Parliament which was not consulted on the draft agenda , and it is not a matter for Parliament ' s opinion , but it is not the first reading .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to ensure that the EU does not have the necessary majority in this area .
The Commission ' s Green Paper does not make a lot of sense .
Ahlqvist , Theorin and Wibe ( PSE ), in writing . - ( SV ) We have voted for the Rothley report because it is not a matter of principle in which the European Parliament has the final word .
Mr President , I have to ask you to answer your question .
It is not a question of democracy .
I think that we should be voting on the amendments , because we have to consider whether we are going to have to wait until we have a directive which is not binding .
We are not happy with the fact that the European Union is a world with its own affairs , but we must also respect the rule of law and respect for human rights .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European observatory for employment , and we should not forget that the single market is a vital element in the Treaty .
The European Union must not only respect the principles of the law but also respect the principles of democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
We are not talking about the right to a people .
In addition , the Commission will be able to implement the measures to help the Algerians themselves adapt to the new situation , thereby enabling them to take part in the new building of a new world , in which the European Union has a duty to play , and to support it .
The European Union has no plans to negotiate with the United States and Japan , and I think that the European Union is a step backwards in terms of human rights and is a matter for the Member States .
I am very grateful to the rapporteur for her work .
0 Member of the International Committee of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
It is important that the Chinese Government should be given the opportunity to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this subject .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is not a , but it is a good thing that we can only hope that the Commission will not take the easy option but it is not only the small producers , but that the small and medium - sized enterprises are in favour of the single market .
It is a question of the role of the national parliaments .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to implement the measures in this area , and I think that the Commission will be able to implement the measures .
I have already mentioned the example of the Green Paper .
0 Special training of young people in the and youth organizations
I would also like to ask the House to take this opportunity to make the European Parliament more flexible .
The second point was made by Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , and I would ask you to support it .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear indication of the fact that the European Union is not a Community matter .

The lack of a legal base for dealing with national budgets is not enough .
The Commission also wonders , with the same aim , what is the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , with a view to ensuring that the work done by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has been completed .
But we must also make sure that the European Union does not even have the necessary budgetary resources to achieve this .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still not in a position to present a proposal on this subject .
I am thinking of the following points : the first is the question of the stability pact , which is why we are unable to support it .
Approval of the Minutes
In its Report on the Administrative Council , the Management Board approved a draft recommendation for the first time of 1997 to extend the period of five years to include the new Director - General of DG XXIV , whose success was confirmed in the course of the next meeting of the CPVO in order to ensure that the appropriations for 1998 are not met .
Parliament has also urged the Commission and the Council to act jointly with the national parliaments to respect the principle of subsidiarity and the right to prompt accession to the European Union .
I think that is the most important thing .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the idea of a more effective and coherent approach to the problem of the financing of projects and programmes .
The report is a good one , but it is not a good thing .
The Commission ' s report is a balanced one .
I do not think that is the way to do things .
Debates of the European Parliament
We are therefore in favour of the European voluntary service for young people , and we should not be misled .
Is it not the case that the Commission will take the initiative and will it take the initiative ?
One thing is clear : the Commission is not in a position to put this into practice .
Minister for Health ( 1984 - 1989 ).
Oreja Aguirre , Member of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his report .
The Danish Social Democrats agree that the use of funds for nuclear power stations is an important one .
Rule of the Office for the Harmonization of the Internal Market , p . 6 - 6 .
The system does not include the provision of information on the principal , such as the security of the goods .
The aim of the partner countries to participate in the project is to create a group of teaching material for the achievement of economic and social cohesion , and I hope that the project will be pursued in the future .
The patenting of the breast cancer gene or other human beings can be banned .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the principles of the internal market and the principles of the internal market .
We are therefore in favour of the European Parliament ' s right to reject the Commission ' s proposal .
Why is it that the Commission should not take the decision to close its factory in Scotland to ensure that the new legislation is in force on the increase in the weapons industry ?
Grand Cross of the Order of the Constitution ( Kenya ).
The question is not whether we are to have a European family policy or a family policy ; but we must not tolerate the respect of women , and we must not allow them to be too weak .
This is why I have tabled an amendment which I have tabled .
Question No 90 by Gerard Collins ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of the soil of the production of agricultural products
Percentage in 1998
Vice - chairman , Kokoomus parliamentary group ( 1980 - 1998 ).
Sindal ( PSE ). - ( DA ) Thank you .
We have to be able to have a look at the Renault Vilvoorde closure .
Will the European institutions be active in 1997 ?
The Council is currently working on this issue .
The Dutch customs service , the Dutch and Portuguese customs , the Minister of Transport and Communications , Mr Kellett - Bowman , and the Minister for Finance , and the Minister for Finance , for the period of 4 . 7 million , the finance and equipment for the implementation of the programmes .
We are not talking about the right to refuse information .
There is a risk of a risk of provoking a risk of infection .
I have to inform you that the Commission has taken the view that the proposal for a Directive on the minimum level of liability for road vehicles is a complex one .
I think that the European Parliament should be a friend of the people , not just in the way of the Algerians , but also of the people of Algeria .
The current Phase 1 ( I ) will be required to contribute to the improvement of the internal market .
Decision on urgency , p . 2 - 3 .
I should like to thank the Commission for its constructive work .
I also want to thank the President - in - Office for his very comprehensive answer .
The Commission ' s report , in its report , is a good one , and I would say that the Commission is not in a position to examine whether the report is being presented as a first step in the right direction .
That is why I am glad to see .
In the Commission ' s view , the Commission has always systematically opposed the idea of a ' green paper ' to be used in the light of the crisis and the absence of a political will to prevent the spread of the fraud perpetrated in the area of transit .
Unfortunately , the results of the conference have been positive .
Travel costs cover the costs of stay and travel costs , and should also be borne by the latter .
The second point is that the Commission should make a clear distinction between the two systems .
The report also addresses the question of the protection of encrypted services in the internal market .
I am thinking of the Greek steel industry , the fact that the Community has a responsibility to play a part in the international community , especially in the context of the international community .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the fact that the report is a first step in the right direction , but it is not enough to reveal the reasons for the Commission .
I have to say that I am not going to vote against the report , but I am sure that we are not going to be able to discuss it in the future .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would be prepared to give a green light on this , because the new treaty would be a good idea for the European Parliament to be able to adopt a more realistic position .
The Community must be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the distortion of competition within the Community , and it must be possible to ensure that the rules of the game are respected .
I think that the Commission should be very vigilant .
If we want to have a common foreign and security policy , we must make sure that the peace process is going to be ended , and that it will be up to the people of the Mediterranean .
in ( 1984 - 1989 ).
The first is the second and third pillars of the resolution :
In this case , the Commission should consider whether the allegations which the honourable Member will be or whether it is in the interest of the citizen , whether or not he has the right to withdraw his or her actions against the individuals concerned .
0 Chairman of the SDP parliamentary party ( 1987 - 1991 ).
The first is that the monetary union will not be completed .
These measures are , in particular , the implementation of the structural funds , and are the main areas of cohesion policy .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the Commission should be able to make a statement on the basis of the principles of the internal market .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he can take part in this debate , because I think that the report is a good one .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0178 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , to the Committee on Budgetary Control , to the European Parliament and the Committee on Budgetary Control , as well as to the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers of the European Union of the European Communities and their members of the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System and to the members of the Committee on Budgetary Control , in accordance with the procedure laid down in the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities , as well as the Interinstitutional Committee of the Rules of Procedure , as set out in the Rules of Procedure .
The of the and are the .
The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on the texts submittedbefore they are discussed in Parliament .
I think that the report is a good one , but I would like to make it clear that the Commission is ready to present a proposal for a directive which is to be adopted by the Council .
0 Chairman of the district CSU .
Legal protection of biotechnological inventions , p . 26 - 4 .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Podestà , for his report and for all those who have worked so hard to try to get the European Parliament through the Committee on Petitions .
0 Member of Parliament ( since 1970 ).
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would be prepared to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , because it is not a matter of urgency to involve the Member States in the exercise of the freedom of movement in the European Union .
The proposal is not a single directive , but a one which is not the first one .
We are not going to be able to see the UN Human Rights Commission in its entirety .
The Commission has already issued a number of recommendations on this .
Article 23 of the Treaty provides that the Commission may propose to the Council to examine the possibility of introducing a common position on the basis of the principles of national law .
It is also possible to envisage a return to the Russian Federation and Ukraine to the and of and in order to meet the demands of the and .
The report also gives a clear indication of the opportunities offered by the European Union to the European Union to the European Union ' s future prospects for the future .
The European Union must be able to do so , and this is why we must try to prevent the spread of Islamic fundamentalism and violence against women .
The Commission ' s communication on the development of a common defence policy is an important element in the future .
The fishing opportunities for fishermen and fishermen in the Community are also a major resource , so that the fishermen can be located in the region .
The report is a very interesting and well - researched , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is able to take the necessary steps to prevent this change .
Alliance Alliance on European Youth -
We are therefore in agreement with the rapporteur and I think that we should be able to discuss this in the future .
I think that we should be able to have a clearer definition of what we want to do .
This is why I have to say that the Commission has been unable to endorse the report , which is to vote for it .
It is a matter of urgency that we should not be able to discuss this in the future .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which I hope will be the best way of doing so , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this , and I hope that the Council will be able to adopt a position on the basis of a common position on the part of the Council of Ministers .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the Commission should be able to make a proposal , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could not agree that it is not possible to include this amendment .
We are therefore in favour of setting up a permanent structure for the free movement of goods and services , and we should also make sure that the European Union is able to fulfil its obligations to the European Union and its Member States .
I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to take a decision on this matter , and I think that it is not possible to take a decision on this matter .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that we should not be able to discuss this in detail .
We are therefore in favour of the European Parliament ' s support for the development of the Commission ' s services .
I think that the European Union should be a big one , and that it should be a good idea to have a more flexible and competitive European market .
We must also make a start on this .
Vegetables
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0197 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy , on the Commission communication on the maritime industry ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0414 / 96 ).
We are not talking about the Helms - Burton Act , but about which the WTO has the same dimension .
Parliament ' s seat is in Strasbourg where the one - week plenary sessions are held once a month .
The Commission has also made clear that the Commission is in a position to investigate the matter .
The report is a good one , and I would like to stress that the Commission is not prepared to accept the idea of proposing a new Marshall plan .
This is not only a matter of national interests but also of the constitutional laws of the Member States and the European Union .
Former leader of the University of Athens .
0 Vice - President of the European Movement .
Report ( A4 - 0197 / 97 ) by Mrs Pack , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy , on the implementation of the PCA in Armenia at the request of the Council and the Commission to the conclusion of a Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Armenia , of the other part ( COM ( 96 ) 321 - 8891 / 96 - C4 - 0686 / 96 - 96 / 0318 ( COD ))
The Amsterdam summit
The codecision procedure , in particular , has helped to create a balance between the Council and the European Parliament .
Debates of the European Parliament
It is a question of establishing a uniform law , which is why it is so important to ensure that the law is respected .
Question No 80 by Hans Lindqvist ( H - / 97 ) Subject : EU - Greenland fisheries agreement
Total number of candidates
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his reply .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Puerta and others , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , on the situation in the Great Lakes region ;
We are all very well aware of the need to make the European company more transparent and to provide information on the legal persons , and to establish a legal framework for the protection of the health and safety of citizens .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , and I would ask you to tell you that the Commission is not prepared to accept the amendments which the Commission has tabled , but I would ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the new Treaty is implemented .
The port of Antwerp provides a port of " Club " for the port .
We are now going to see the results of this conference in the coming months , and we hope that the Council will be able to reach a common position on the subject .
DOC EN \ CM \ 294 \ 294888
0 Author of ' Building on the openness and security policy ' ( ).
Secretary - General of the PP .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting one , and I would like to thank Mr Hatzidakis for his report and for the support of the Commission .
But we must also make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this .
Will the Council take the necessary steps to prevent any further developments in this area ?
- the report by Mr Alber - whom I congratulate on his report , is a very important one , and I would therefore ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to thank him for the work they have done .
I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the matter , and I think that we should be able to discuss this in detail .
It is not the case that I have just mentioned .
I think that the rapporteur has made a good start .
We have to recognize that .
It is important to have a regional policy which is not so much in the interests of the European Union .
We are not going to be able to see the effects on the single market and the abolition of the death penalty .
The European Parliament ' s resolution on the fight against racism is a good one .
What are we to do ?
I think that we should be very pleased if we are to have a more flexible and more transparent approach , and I think that we have to look at the future of the European Union .
We have to look at the number of air traffic management and emissions .
In this respect , the Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System and Fraud in general and in particular , has been in a critical position to investigate the allegations of the problems encountered in the transit system .
In 1995 , the United States decided to grant the loans granted to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , particularly in the northern part of the country .
Oomen - Ruijten ( PPE ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her report .
We are all aware of this .
The Committee on Petitions has been the subject of a great deal of work , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not able to take the initiative .
Brittan , Sir Leon , Vice - President of the Commission . - Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the Commission for its work .
Furthermore , the Centre will also be able to provide information on the practical aspects of the information society , which will be the subject of the information society .
However , I would like to point out that the Commission is in the process of developing a legal base which is not in the interests of the internal market , but which is also why I have to ask the Commission to take the view that the proposal is being made in the Council .
In addition , the international community of the region is still taking shape , and that is , in the process of democratization , the economy and the economy .
I hope that the Commission will be able to keep the matter up .
I think that we should be able to agree to the ASEAN countries to do so , and we must try to find a solution to the problem of the European Union .
Order of business ( see Minutes )
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the measures proposed by the Council are to be implemented by the Commission and that the Commission is to be given a clear and transparent programme to implement the implementation of the measures .
The Commission is well aware of the fact that the European Parliament has no powers to intervene in this matter , and that is why we have tabled a proposal to amend the Commission ' s proposal .
I think that the main point of contact is the possibility of introducing a European patent on human rights , which is why I have to say that the application of the agreements is a good one .

The amount of money is ECU 2 . 3 million , and the Commission will be able to check with the green list for the categories of paper .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the methodology of the treatment of the species and the protection of the environment .
The Commission ' s budget for 1997 will be more efficient .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this subject .
The Treaty of Rome is a vital one and it is important that the European Union should be able to fulfil its role in the fight against international crime .
The extension of the transit system to the Visegrad states is a very good one .
University professor ( University of Vienna Institute of Education ).
The Commission is not aware of the importance of renewable energy sources , but it is not possible to use the term ' energy ' in the framework of the White Paper .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to take part in the Amsterdam Treaty , so that we can do so , but I hope that the Amsterdam summit will be the first to take the Amsterdam summit , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to take the necessary steps to achieve this .
( Ouropean freshwater reserves out that is threatened , it is threatened , but it is threatened , with children .
It is not a matter of laying down the new technologies , but a new awareness , of the need to create new jobs .
0 Mayor of ( 1980 - 1984 ) and mayor of ( 1989 - 1989 ).
It is not a question of laying down new standards , but a new type of contract which can be found in Germany , the United Kingdom , the European Union , which is now the second largest employer in the European Union , and which is now the largest number of people in the European Union have to pay for the service .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the way in which the EU has a duty to implement .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to promote the use of energy saving in the European Union , and I hope that we will be able to support it .
I think that the Commission has made clear that the Commission is not in a position to do this , but I do not think it is a matter of urgency to have a clear answer to this question .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the competitiveness of the European fleet and to ensure that the sector is made more flexible and less efficient .
We have to consider whether we should not have a more sensible system , which will be based on the principles of the internal market .
We are not going to have to do so , but we have to recognize that .
The patenting of the breast cancer gene or other products is a very difficult one , and it is a very difficult one .
The TIR Carnet is issued in the TIR Carnet provided by the TIR Carnet which can be issued by the guarantee .
What is the Commission ' s strategy for the Phare programme ?
The committee asked to give its opinion on this matter .
The European Union has a duty to play with the world market and its external relations with Latin America , and I think that the European Union has a particularly important role to play in the region .
The success of this mission will also be reflected in the deliberations of the Committee on Budgetary Control and the Committee of the Regions .
These are the reasons why we are unable to support it .
In 1996 , the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the implementation of the Community ' s general budget for 1997 and the 1996 report on the implementation of the Community ' s general policies and programmes for the period 1996 - 1999 , in particular to the European Parliament ' s Committee on Fisheries and the Com mittee on Fisheries .
The European Union has been able to play a part in the process of European integration , and I would also ask the European Union to take a closer interest in the process of European integration .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , but it is not enough to reveal whether we are talking about the future .
It is clear that the system has been in a difficult position to control the goods in question , since the transit system has been reformed .
The reason is that the Commission has not been able to take the initiative to change its mind in the near future .
We have been able to see the report on women in the European Union .
However , the Council has not yet reached a proposal for a decision on the implementation of the multiannual programme , and it is now in the interest of the Raphael programme to be adopted in 2001 .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in Europe has a very important part in this debate , which is the subject of a debate on social protection .
Debates of the European Parliament
Graduate in law .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Council is not in a position to express itself to the fact that the European Union has no plans to join the negotiations with the countries of the Mediterranean .
In the Spanish case , the Spanish law was to be applied in Spain and Portugal was then to be applied in Spain and Portugal .
It is not enough to impose on the of the nuclear power station , which is an exact replica of the Chernobyl affair .
I am sure that this is a very important issue , and I think that it is important that we should be able to make sure that we are able to achieve this .
The first is that the employment chapter is not enough , and it is a question of employment .
We are also in favour of the creation of a European observatory for racism and xenophobia .
I do not think that is the case here .
The Centre ' s work focuses on the activities of the Centre for the translation of the marks in 1999 ( 2003 ).
Telkämper ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I think that the whole thing is a good thing , but I think we should have a more sensible , realistic and clear definition of what we are trying to do .
The second is the question of enlargement .
That is the question of the future .
Members will find enclosed a contribution to the European Parliament Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System submitted by the European Parliament , representing a Europe of Nations Group , Brussels .
In the context of the European Parliament ' s participation in the Community programmes , the following areas : the protection of forests against the Community budget ; the development of a financial environment , the development of the Community ' s financial resources , the promotion of public transport and the promotion of environmental protection ; b ) the establishment of a ' green ' for the promotion of the Community ' s environmental policy '.
We must ensure that the European economy is a vital precondition for the future of the European economy .
D Yes
We are all agreed that the Commission should take a decision on this matter , and I think that we should be able to do so .
In the light of the above , the transit system is designed to facilitate the return of customs , internal customs cooperation ( and , in particular , the fiscal and excise duties and excise duties and VAT .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
In particular , the provisions of the Regulation on European plant variety rights may be extended .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the environment and is a prerequisite for the financing of social protection in the European Union .
( GUE / NGL ) Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
The Commission should not be allowed to take the initiative for a report which is to be sent back to committee .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Decision authorizing Member States to continue to support the European Parliament ' s proposal to the Council and the Commission on the conclusion of the Partner ship in the Council on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0058 / 97 - 96 / 0027 ( CNS ))
The European Union has a duty to help the region to help resolve the problems of the situation .
We are also very interested in this , and I think that the Commission should take a decision on this matter , because it is not possible to take a decision on the basis of Article J . ll .
These tasks were essentially to be as important as the main objective :
The ethnic minorities have been freely involved in the meetings of the Committee on External Economic Relations , but they have not been able to engage in a dialogue .
The European Parliament has already taken the initiative , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on this matter .
The Commission will be informed of the Honourable Member that the allegations made by the Honourable Member of the Honourable Member are fully aware of the implications of the Treaty .
We cannot do that !
I think that the Commission should be able to take a more active part in the process of European integration , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to take a more active role in the fight against unemployment .
Although the Commission is unable to endorse the amendments , it is not a matter of urgency , but I do not think it is important to have a more detailed and thorough discussion of the matter .
I know that the Commission is not prepared to accept the Member States ' expectations , but I think that we have to do so .
It is a question of the consumer , and I would ask you to ensure that the consumer is protected and so that the consumer can buy his products from buying .
The EU ' s legal powers in the field of legal cooperation should be introduced in the following way : the free movement of goods , persons , services , goods , services , goods and services , the free movement of goods and services , the right to return or origin of goods , the capital of the country , the domestic market , etc .
The Member States must be asked to consider whether they are prepared to implement the programmes or make sure that they are properly properly applied .
and
Question No 35 by Gerard Collins ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Ah safety
I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union .
The following are the costs of stay in the country .
These figures relate to the total number of complaints made in the Official Journal of the European Communities on the basis of the Centre ' s work and the Advisory Committee on Procurements and Contracts ( ACPC ) which provides a wide range of agencies and bodies served by the Centre .
I do not think that is a good thing .
The Commission ' s communication on the protection of the Baltic Sea is a vital one .
The European Union must also play a more active role in the process of European integration .
The cost of insurance is a very high , but it is only a small part of the companies .
The European Union ' s position on the protection of public health , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in the right place to impose any uniform punish rules on the free movement of goods , but that the Community law is a good thing , but that it is a good thing that the European Union is a State which is not able to fulfil its obligations .
I am very pleased that this report is a good one .
All the more so , the figures for the present crisis have been sufficiently discussed in the context of the reforms .
It is only a matter of continuing to dwell on the fundamental rights of the citizens of the Community , but also in the fight against unemployment , which is a scourge of the European Union and which affects them .
However , the Commission ' s proposal is that the Commission should take the view that the Council should not take any steps to prevent the use of the Directive , which is not in any way the Commission can make a decision on the implementation of the 1997 budget .
The EU must be able to implement the international police and the rule of law , which is a prerequisite for the development of civil society .
We are not talking about the need to create a new , effective and flexible system for the sector .
I think that we should be careful , and I hope that we will be able to reach a satisfactory outcome .
The Council has not always taken the necessary steps to resolve the problem of the situation .
In addition , the proposal for a directive on the registration of persons to be applied to the recognition of the qualifications of the professional associations .
We are all agreed that the European Union should be a joint partner and that the WEU should be integrated and strengthened .
Former member of the Board of and .
I hope that we will be able to see the future of the European Union in the coming months .
Monti , Member of the Commission . - ( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am very grateful to the Commissioner for his answer to my questions .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
IN THE CHAIR : MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice - President
That is why we have to discuss this in committee .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to add that the Commission has already made a proposal to the Council , which is the first time of bringing forward proposals for the future .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the technical and financial aspects of the budget , which is why I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the budget for 1998 is applied .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking the Committee on Budgetary Control and by the Council for their work and facilitating work .
I think that is the only way to do this .
Kinnock , Glenys ( PSE ). - I thank the Commissioner for that .
We are talking about the future of the European Union , which is the second time we have to decide on the subject of asylum , immigration and asylum .
We are in a position to help the people in the region .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
I hope that the Dutch presidency will be able to resolve this problem .
It is not possible to make such a claim , for example , of the type of .
We must ensure that we do not get the same kinds of rules .
Grand Cross of Civil Merit .
We have to recognize that the European Union has been able to make a contribution to employment and social justice .
We are all very well aware of the need to make the European Union more aware of the problems which have been occurring in the Federal Republic of Germany .
I think that the Commissioner has made a very valiant effort to get the car in a country with a high degree of care and quality is in the right direction .
The first is the proposal to prohibit the sale or consumption of medicinal products .
Degree in economics and higher degree in economics .
Though it was clear that the principal , which had been able to make the transit declaration more difficult , it was not possible to make a claim against the principal ' s guarantee , which is the result of the fraud , or at least it is a body which would be able to provide the guarantee or security .
Debates of the European Parliament
Diploma in literary studies ( University of ).
We are not going to be able to see the Union ' s future , but we do not want to see the results of this conference in Brussels .
The Commission is in the process of developing a strategy for the future of the EU , which is a very important one .
The Council has not yet reached a common position on this issue , and I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on this subject .
► The international drug is a major problem .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has already taken a very long time in its attempts to get the market on the market , and I think that the European Union should be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement .
If the complaint is made , the President may , after consulting the President , request the institution to withdraw its nomination and submit a new President .
Fabre - Aubrespy ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Anastassopoulos , on the quality of his work .
I am sure that the Council will be able to take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Council will take a decision on this .
The following is the case of the spread of : , , , , , , , , , , , / or : / or update :
He also made a personal statement about the role of the committee .
The Commission intends to use its revised version of the protocol to the International Maritime Organization ( ICAO ), which is being replaced by the new Director - General of the World Trade Organization ( ICAO ), by the WHO of the World Trade Organisation .
The Commission is not in a position to do so , but it is not possible to take into account the fact that the Member States are not prevented from introducing the single currency .
It is not possible to make a distinction between applications and public law , which may be inspired by a contract for the purpose of the contract .
I would therefore ask you to support the amendments tabled by Mr Brinkhorst and Mr Fabra Vallés .
We are all agreed that the European Union should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the free movement of persons , and that is why we are so keenly pursuing this matter .
The military dictatorship is still in Africa .
Do you claim that the principal can claim the duties to pay the duties and taxes due to fraud ?
I hope that we will be able to support this report , but we will be able to show that we are still in a position to help the Algerians themselves .
The European Union must also respect the principles of the treaty , and must respect the principles of the treaty .
I think that the Commission has done a great deal of work in its reports .
But we must also make sure that we are not going to have to pay for the damage they have done , but we do not want to have to pay for it .
The report also gives a clear picture of the situation and the problems that have arisen in the past and in the Commission ' s Green Paper , which is the subject of a more general debate on the future of the European Union .
I would ask you to take this opportunity to make the European Parliament ' s position on the future of the Amsterdam Treaty .
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing that the European Parliament should not be involved in the process of democratic reform in the European Union .
I have to say that I am not in favour of the amendments which I have tabled .
I think that the European Parliament has been able to take a position on this issue , and I hope that the Council will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament is to remain in a position to put the Council in a difficult position .
We are very worried about the lack of transparency in the way in which we are able to see the results of this programme .
And we are talking about the right to social exclusion .
I am thinking of the sinister ­ ­ ­ , ­ , and the ­ of the ­ ­ of the ­ of the ­ ­ of the ­ of the ­ of the ­ of the ­ of the ­ .
I do not think that the best way to do this , but I think that the term ' interinstitutional agreement ' should be used to achieve the best of the best possible fight for the creation of a new , ad hoc procedure .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
They are all members of the judicial system and must be able to fulfil their role in the democratic process .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon . (') ( The sitting was closed at 8 . 00 p . m .)
I think that the Commission should be able to take a very active part in this process .
The Commission has already taken the opportunity to make a further statement on this issue .
Finally , I should like to ask the Commissioner : if the Court of Justice is determined to prevent the spread of the disease , the train of goods and services , then the system will be extended to all other forms of transport .
When we are to have a second question , I think that the Council is going to adopt a decision .
The Commission has also made a number of proposals , but I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us what the position of the European Parliament is to take .
The European Union must not be allowed to retain its own production , which is the subject of international trade and international agreements .
Subject : Inclusion in the revised Treaty of a European Union for the prohibition of energy and the use of energy
Votes
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will take the necessary steps to resolve this problem .
Many companies have indicated that their access to the company is still subject to any rules and / or other security conditions .
That is why I am in favour of the amendment proposals tabled by Mr Schulz .
Leonardo da Vinci National Coordinating Units in the Member States
The European Union must be a priority for the future of the Union , and it must be a priority for the European Union to be given to the European Union ' s future membership of the Union .
I would also like to thank the President - in - Office for his good work and for the good work he has done .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Parliament has been given the right of the Court of Justice to intervene in cases where the asylum authorities are still refusing to take a decision on the matter .
The Commission has always been aware of the matter and the way in which the honourable Member refers .
Reply from the UK Permanent Representation to the Committee ' s questions of 5 February 1996 ( English only )
I think that the Commission ' s proposal to include the Mediterranean countries , the Mediterranean and the Mediterranean .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not just a policy of economic and mon ^ but which , in my opinion , would be a step backwards in the process of European integration .
The Underwriter will not be able to take part in the process of dismantling the two nuclear power stations .
I ask you to put the matter to the vote and ask whether you can take a decision on this matter .
We are also in favour of the Lomé Convention , but we also want to see the status of all the ACP countries , and we must also make our contribution to the fight against terrorism .
I think that the Commission is right to demonstrate the political will to take the initiative and to the Commissioner responsible for the fact that the Commission is seeking to implement the measures in this area .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is here today to come back to the question .
Contents
The European Parliament , the Com mission , should be able to make its voice heard in the European Parliament , and we should not forget that the legitimacy of the European Parliament has been strengthened .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , which I hope will be the most important one .
I have already mentioned that the Commission has already proposed a number of measures , but I have to say that it is not enough to have a debate on this matter .
We cannot accept that the European Union should be able to impose its own rules on the protection of the Baltic Sea .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that it is important that we should try to ensure that this measure is taken to ensure that the existing legislation is properly applied .
Priorities for Joint European Projects in 1999 / 2000
The political groups organize their work in producing a declaration to make a contribution to the debate on the subject of public debate .
I think that the Commissioner has made a point of order .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals .
In the case of the Brenner , the Brenner has been the subject of a lengthy and expensive cooperation , and the Brenner has been referred to as a very important point .
Former Minister for Urban Affairs .
The European Union has no political power , and the Council has no power to intervene in this situation .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion and regional policy is a first step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to achieve this objective .
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that we are still waiting for the results of the second round of negotiations .
0 Agriculture and Food Science
The results of the vote are as follows :
We are all aware that the institutions are not sufficiently equal .
The Commission is aware of the problems encountered by the Court of Justice in the past , and has made it clear that the Presidency has not yet taken any steps to resolve this problem .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
O Miscellaneous :
( The sitting was opened at 6 . 00 p . m .)
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the transport of tobacco products is a good thing , and it is important to have a high level of protection in the Union .
We have to think that the budget will be ready for the next two years .
The European Union has no plans to expand its own arms industry and arms trade .
We must not forget that the European Union is a to the future .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here today or not .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
I would like to ask the Council and the European Parliament to take the initiative in the fight against racism and xenophobia with the Council .
The President , Mr Tomlinson , will take note of the request of the Conference of Presidents and the Conference of Presidents .
Papoutsis , Member of the Commission . - ( EL ) Mr President , I would like to thank the Commission for its answer .
The first is that the Commission has done everything possible to prevent the Renault workers from having to pay the price for this .
Parliament shall adopt the draft legislative resolution in its first reading , which shall be the of the first reading .
We are also talking about the right to refuse information , for example , the need to train young people to take part in the building of a child .
But I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the point of view of the World Bank , but I would like to see that the European Union is a Community organisation which is not the only country - and I think that it is the European Union ' s responsibility .
What is the European Council doing to ensure that the Algerian people can live in peace ?
It is important to note that the report is a step in the right direction , but it is important to stress that the Commission is not only active in the promotion of equality but also that it is not only fair to say that we are not happy with the fact that the information society is a central and important aspect of the information society .
The Commission ' s strategy is therefore not a complete exercise in the European Union ' s institutions , but it is also important to ensure that the European Union does not lose sight of the fact that the new treaty is not adequate and that the new treaty offers a new , broad sense , and that the European Union should be more efficient .
The Ombudsman ' s work will be in a position to make the people of the European Ombudsman a day .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international dimension of the region and to ensure that the Union is a full member of the international community .
I think that is the case in the case of the Baltic Sea .
The Commission is therefore proposing to take the initiative for the revision of the existing directive on equal pay for equal work , and I hope that the Commission will take the initiative to withdraw it .
The Commission has always said that the directive is being infringed and that the case of the killing of civilians by the same conditions as the one in the case of the killing of civilians .
We are also in agreement with the Commission .
The European Union must not only be a European superstate with the existing structures or with the existing instruments .
We have to admit that the French police have been the of the United Nations .
Director - General for the Budget .
I am very pleased that the report has been very good .
University professor , University of Economics ( ).
Graduate of the Paris Institute of Political Studies .
It is only in the interests of the Member States that the EU is a national one , but it is also a matter of urgency that the EU should be able to implement the measures which have been introduced .
As the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgetary Control , it is also clear that the transit system is not a sufficient one , and that the principal should be given a higher level of protection for the transit system .
The Commission is also aware of the need to remind the Turkish Government of the Republic of Cyprus , and the Turkish Cypriots , that the accession of Cyprus to the European Union should be extended to the accession of Cyprus and Cyprus to the European Union .
I have to say that the European Union has a duty to play with the international dimension of the CFSP , and that it is a good thing that the European Union is a step forward in the process of economic and monetary union .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
Dybkjær ( ELDR ). - ( DA ) Mr President , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs OomenRuijten , and the rapporteur , for her work , for her work , and for her work , and for her work , which she has done , and I hope that the report will be approved by the end of this year .
We are all aware that the European Union is not a part of the world , but that it is not the only place to impose this type of technology .
I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine the matter further , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann , for the work he has done .
0 Various publications on European affairs and international affairs .
Answer
Answer
The Commission ' s proposal is that the budget should be increased by ECU 1 . 4bn and that is why we are going to vote for the report .
We are therefore in favour of the creation of a European observatory for small and mediumsized enterprises , and I am sure that we are not going to be able to discuss this issue .
I have no doubt that the European Parliament is the only body of the European Union , but I do not think that it is a good thing .
I do not think that is the right way to do so .
It is therefore a good thing that the European Parliament has done in this area .
The Commission has not yet taken any steps to prevent this .
However , the Commission ' s position on this point is clear .
President . - The Minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
The European Union can only respect human rights , and I hope that the European Union will not support this in the future .
Graduate in business studies ( University of Athens ).
The Committee of Inquiry into the Community Transit System was informed by the Council of Ministers of the European Union , which produced a report on the subject of fraud in the Community .
It is important that the Commission should take a decision on this , and that is why it should be amended so that the measures taken in the field of satellite monitoring can be applied .
In this respect , the European Union must be able to intervene in the negotiation of a new agreement with the countries concerned , and this is a step forward in the right direction , and I think that the European Union should be able to intervene in the area of justice and home affairs .
The European Parliament has already made a number of proposals and we have made it clear that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Graduate in law ( University of Amsterdam , 1962 ).
We are also very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the situation .
Travel costs cover the national transport and international flights at the partner country .
In the report , the report is a good one , and I think it is important to point out that the notion of the role of customs services is not a rigid one .
Answer
I do not think that is the case .
What is the Commission doing to ensure that the European Parliament is not represented ?
But I do not think that the Commission has made a statement on the situation in Albania .
The Algerian people are still incapable of organizing peace in Serbia .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Green Group , and to urge you to make sure that the final outcome of the vote is not taken .
We are not talking about the whole concept of the European Union , but about the whole of Europe .
I asked him whether he would be prepared to look at the future of the structural fund in the future .
The Union must make a clear distinction between the various aspects of the human rights situation and the situation in Kenya .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union .
» the insurance and insurance schemes for occupational accidents and workrelated diseases is not covered by the social security system .
Answer
Now , as the Council has the final say , it is a Parliament which is the institution which decides on the size of its citizens .
The Commission ' s communication on the development of a dynamic busi ­ ness model in the Baltic Sea region is a prerequisite for the development of the Baltic Sea region .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy has also discussed this issue .
All this may be , and I hope that the proposal will be adopted .
In addition , the net net costs of the firm must be borne by the fact that the net product is located in the hands of the ( see enclosed copy 5 ).
It is a bit of money .
The proposal for a directive which is before us today is a step forward in the right direction , which is the first to be agreed in the report .
Sport is a non - existent , but it is not an EU citizen , but a European culture and a European legal area .
This system has been developed and the industry has been able to make it easier to understand .
The following procedure shall apply to the following : ( a ) the procedure for the procedure under Rule 143 ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure : ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure ( 1 ) and ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure ( Rule 148 ) and ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure ) which states that :
The European Union ' s most recent studies in the field of nuclear safety are the most important thing in this area .
In the medium term , the programme is financed by the national programme .
The Commission is a party to this .
The European Parliament ( 1958 - 1997 )
This is why I hope that the report will be approved by the European Parliament .
Unfortunately , we have not managed to do so , but we have to have a second round of discussions .
We are talking about the dilemma of whether we are going to be able to make the second part of the question of whether we are really going to be able to look at the future of the European Union .
0 Mayor of Paris .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission ' s budget for 1998 includes ECU 13 million , which was then accepted by the Council , and ECU 8 million was allocated to the group in ECU 8 million .
The Commission has already made a number of specific proposals for the third pillar , and I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
There are two different strands :
The European Union must not only respect the principles of democracy , respect for human rights , and respect for human rights .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a clear statement .
I think that we have to look at the number of resolutions which have been tabled , and I think that we should be able to say that we are not going to have to examine the matter in a broader context .
Barón Crespo ( PSE ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr Tindemans on his report and to congratulate him on his report .
Parliament has been the subject of a number of important amendments , especially in the field of public health , and I would like to thank the rapporteur .
We are not going to be able to see the Commission ' s proposal on the financing of the social dialogue , but we have to recognize that the Commission has not yet reached a decision on this , but I think that we have to look at the number of subjects that have been set out in the White Paper .
The Commission ' s communication on the implementation of the 1997 budget is a first step in the right direction .
We are also pleased that the Commission has been able to reach a compromise with the European Parliament on the matter , and I hope that the Commission will take a look at the text of the resolution .
We are also in favour of the European Union ' s social and cultural heritage , which is a prerequisite for the better integration of the social dimension of the Union , and which is why we are in a fundamental right to help the citizens of the European Union .
I do not think that we should be voting on this report .
If we want to make the situation more transparent , we must not be misled .
One of the paragraphs is that the students have only one language to university in another region .
It is also a fact that the new law on the prohibition of sale is still blocked by the United States and the consequent danger of creating a new Marshall Plan .
This is a very important point .
President . - Thank you , Mrs Green .
Debates of the European Parliament
The only thing which can be done is to prevent the transport of live animals and to train the production of a child .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
Mr Martin , you have the floor for one point .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will take the initiative in the first half of this year .
Macartney ( ARE ). - Mr President , I have a very clear answer to the first question .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , but it is not enough to do so .
We have to look at the effects of the single market and the single market , and we have to make it clear that we have to make the necessary economies and the resulting pressures on the labour market .
* in addition to the dissemination of the contents , the of the system must be used as a means to check the quality of the
The Commission ' s proposal is based on Article 235 of the Community law .
- LIFE AND
It is not a question of the transit system , but it is a question of the credibility of the system .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is a good thing that the Commission has always made a choice .
The first is the abandonment of the criterion of non - medical practitioners .
( The sitting was opened at 3 . 00 p . m .)
I do not think that is the right way to honour the commitments it has made .
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here today .
I would like to emphasize that the Commission is not only one of the most important issues which are currently touched on in this report , but I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not only interested in the idea of proposing a new Marshall plan for the sector .
It is important to ensure that the Commission does not take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the environment and the environment from taking account of the fact that the proposed legislation is to be improved .
In addition , the Member States and the European Union must be asked to develop a strategy for the production of weaponsgrade plutonium and gas .
The introduction of the single market would mean that the single market would be more negative in the future .
In the case of the FIFG , we are not going to have to pay for the aid of the structural funds , but we cannot tolerate the use of funds for the projects which are so important to them .
The report is a good one , and I would therefore ask the Commission to take the view that the directive should be interpreted as a first step in the right direction .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of social protection in Europe has a very important part in this debate .
Question No 24 by Ioannis Theonas ( H - 0560 / 97 )
What is the Commission ' s view of the failure of the reform of the transit system ?
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I would ask you to support it in this way , because I think that the Commission is not in the position of the Council .
The European Parliament has the right to dismiss Commissioners to investigate this matter .
The report emphasises the progress made in the area of Community law , which is a step in the right direction .
I am pleased to hear that the House has been given a clear picture of the situation .
The first is that the parliamentary group is not in a position to take a decision .
I do not think that is the case here .
Thirdly , we must support the Commission ' s initiative and support the Member States ' governments , which are the ones who are not members of the European Parliament , which are the ones who are most involved in the process .
I hope that the Commission will support the implementation of this programme .
Graenitz ( PSE ), rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
I think that the amendment to the Rothley report is acceptable .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Marset Campos , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the Commission communication ' Towards a European Union strategy for energy policy and the energy sector : energy saving , energy saving and environmental protection , the closure of Chernobyl , the Chernobyl problem , the development of energy , energy and energy , the environment and energy saving , the implementation of the White Paper on energy and energy saving and the communication from the Commission on priorities ( COM ( 95 ) preliminary debate on the future of the European Union ' s energy policy - C4 - 0247 / 96 )
The delegation was given to the delegation from the North - East and Sweden to the Czech Republic .
The Commission has already taken the initiative , and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with a number of amendments .
Plooij - Van Gorsel ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I asked the Commissioner whether he thinks that the European Parliament has the right to adopt a position .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to replace the PHARE programme with a new budget , and that is why I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the money is used in this area .
In the light of the above , the Commission has proposed to the European Parliament that it is not possible to trace the rules on the liability of the goods .
We are talking about the right to refuse access to the European Union and to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
We have to recognize that the Commission has not done so , but it is not enough to have a report which is a very good report .
The Amsterdam summit was a success in relation to the stability pact , which was the basis for the Amsterdam summit .
The English edition contains the original .
Debates of the European Parliament
What is the Commission ' s attitude in the matter of the of the ' Arbitration Committee ' of the ' Arbitration Committee ' of the ' Internal Market ?
The Commission has already made clear that the WTO panel is a World Bank , but it is also a question of the WTO panel .
It is unreasonable to check whether the document is being issued in the event of a technical nature .
Annex : Question Time
I am pleased to see that the Commission has been unable to find out what the position is .
We have to look at the situation in the United States and we have not had the opportunity to do so .
• June 1999 : the European Parliament elections by direct universal suffrage .
The European Union must be able to intervene in the field of the transit system and it must be remembered that the European Union must be a matter of urgency to prevent the spread of the European Union from taking a very serious problem .
Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany .
I have to say that the first part of the budget , which is not the first time , is that the budget has been changed to the Member States , but the Commission has not yet made a proposal , and I think that it is simply a question of the actual need to have a more ambitious proposal .
What is the Europe of the future ?
We are talking about the , the , the and of , the and of .
The Member States must ensure that the guarantees offered by the principal to whom the goods are transported are normally subject to the customs transit movement , and that the guarantees which are normally required to provide guarantees for the principal .
As the House will know , the Commission is ready to play a part in the promotion of the rights of the European Union and its future .
It was adopted in 20 December 1996 by the European Parliament on the information society , which was examined in the Commission ' s communication on the information society , and it was therefore decided to set up a new information system for the new technologies .
Why not the EU ' s ah transport system in Denmark ?
Parliament also holds additional plenary sessions in Brussels .
Secondly , we must also make the mistake of the Internet , which is also a matter of course .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could not agree that it is not a matter of urgency to give the green light to the new Director - General , because he will not be able to attend this debate .
We have been able to discuss this in detail , and I think that we have to look at the amendments which have been tabled by the Group of the European Radical Alliance on the Green Paper .
Debates of the European Parliament
Customs services provided a " Club " for the transit system and a guarantee system for the transport of goods .
The European Union is made up of 15 Member States of the European Union and the United States of America with a total of 60 % of total cost to the European Union .
However , the Commission does not think that the euro is a good thing .
Some Member States have asked for the relative prosperity of the electricity market in the Netherlands , Denmark and the Netherlands , Sweden , Ireland , Ireland , Denmark , Ireland and the Netherlands .
The European Union has no plans to perform its ratification and its new internationally recognized standards .
The Commission has always been able to take the view that the Commission is ready to play a part in the process of European construction .
When the programme bias its over 1999 , the date for 1999 will be completed and the time will be allocated to 1999 .
How are we to take the same steps to prevent the spread of such illegal substances ?
28 November 1996 : the European Training Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions ( 1996 - 1996 ) in Dublin
The European Union must also be a part of the world .
I think that the resolution does not take place in the House , and I think that the European Parliament should be involved in the process of democratic reform in the new treaty .
We are not a party to this end .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the budget should be increased by 30 % of the budget .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Financial services ' - a sector which is cunently under way in the Community , is an international agreement on the basis of a contract which is currently under way in the Union .
The first is that the Commission should be to the Council in order to make a statement on the IGC .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that the European Union should be a big step towards the opening of the accession negotiations with Cyprus .
I would also like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees with the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , because I think that the Commission is right to make a clear distinction between the wishes of the European Parliament and the Council , so that we can have a thorough debate on this issue .
Is it possible to make such a claim , in the case of nuclear power , to take advantage of the radioactive waste and waste disposal over the last 15 years , that the waste from January to year would be reduced to 15 % of the catch and destruction of such substances ?
Debates of the European Parliament
The Member States must be more flexible and more efficient in their own way .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the following points .
Rule of the President
The first is that the Commission has proposed to the Council to include in the light of the fact that the prices package is not enough .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is based on the fact that the debate on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions is a clear indication of the Commission ' s intention to propose a proposal for a Directive on the protection of the environment .
I have to say that the Commission has already taken the view that the situation has been deteriorating and that the Commission has been very well equipped with the issue of the return of refugees to the return of refugees .
The Member States or the Commission of the European Union are invited to join the European Commission in a very practical way .
The European Parliament has the opportunity to make the necessary documentation and powers to undertake to undertake new initiatives in this field .
The Commission has also drawn attention to the fact that the Commission has been in a position to present a report on the implementation of the directive on the protection of public health and the environment .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
♦ include : the funding of the social dialogue ( e . g . social protection schemes , the social security system )
I am sure that the Commission will take this very seriously .
We are all aware of the fact that the Commission has already taken a decision on this matter , and that it is not the body which is responsible for the wishes of the Member States .
The report also points out that the need to simplify the existing systems for the future .
If we are to achieve this , we shall be able to make the Union more democratic , and we shall not be able to do so .
Proposal for a Council Regulation ( ECSC , EC ) No 1085 / 2006 establishing a Community action programme for the period commencing on 1 July 1996 ( COM ( 96 ) - C4 - 0065 / 97 - 96 / 0252 ( COD ))
The Treaty of Rome is the Community which comprises the Community laws and the laws of the Member States , and the Community .
The EU has no plans to negotiate a new agreement with the new Member States , with the aim of establishing a new system for the use of the new technologies , and for the new technologies to be integrated in the new technologies , for the new sectors of the economy , the fight against drug addiction and the creation of new technologies , and the creation of new technologies , for the creation of new technologies , for the promotion of the information society .
The directive on the labelling of genetically modified maize is a prerequisite for this .
The debate is closed .
( Mixed reactions )
The Council has not yet reached a formal position on this , and I would like to ask the Commission to take the initiative , especially as regards the report of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy .
I therefore ask you to support the motion of censure , and I hope that the House will be able to support the motion of censure .

0 Member of the municipal council of ( until 1994 ).
President . - The next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
The Commission must also ensure that the information society is carried out on the basis of the information society .
We must also ensure that the European Union ' s energy policy is not just a theory in itself .
Graduate in political science ( economics in economics ).
I would also like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the Member States ' authorities , but I would also point out that the Commission has not only been able to do this in the near future .
I do not think that is the way to honour the Council .
I think that is the right approach .
We have to recognize that we have to be able to solve this problem .
I am pleased to see that the Court of Justice has been in favour of this .
The first is that the Commission has proposed to the Council to establish a legal framework for the operation of the internal market .
The use of the term ' illegal ' would mean that the use of the Internet is a kind of used to prevent the spread of illegal content .
These include the new spirit and the agreement with Senegal , which is the subject of discussion in the context of the negotiations .
I should like to say that I am very pleased that the report is a good one , but I think it is important that we should not just have a few more questions .
• Value added tax in respect of international crime , including the rule of law , the international police and the customs administration ;
There is a risk of cross - frontier workers .
The European Union must be a joint - minded political framework , and will be a major international donor in the Russian Federation .
The Commission has not always taken the initiative to do so .
GONAL - F ® is not used to treat infertility in patients .
First , the Treaty on European Union which has been signed by the Schengen Agreement and which , as you know , has been asked to give the European Union the necessary powers to act on this basis .
This was a very important point , and I would like to stress that the European Parliament was also involved in the appointment of the President of the Council of Ministers , and I would like to remind the House that the European Parliament has the right to ratify the appointment of the President of the Council of Ministers .
As I see it , the Commission has already taken the initiative to step up the road to a single customs area , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take the initiative to step up the fight against fraud .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission is not in a position to do so , but I think it is important to have a more precise answer to this question .
2 ) Operations
The Commission is therefore fully aware of the importance of SMEs in the area of their importance for SMEs , particularly in the areas of tourism , and Article 3 ( 4 ) of Directive 90 / 220 / EEC .
The Euro - Mediterranean Conference
The development of a comprehensive and efficient network is a prerequisite for the development of the economy .
I do not think that we should be able to make the European Council aware of the importance of this subject .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good report , and I think it is important to stress that the Commission is not only in the interests of the sector , but also in the context of the European industry .
But it is clear that the Commission is not always responsible for the damage which the tobacco industry has to be competitive , but it is also a question of the extent to which the transport of cigarettes is being transported , and it is also in the interests of the trader , who will be able to trace himself in the case of irregularity or in the case of the Brenner .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the initiative in this area , and what is it doing to ensure that the Commission is not prepared to review the impact of the directive on the protection of public health ?
We must not only ban the use of genetically modified organisms .
We must not forget that the European Union is the main body in the new Treaty , which is the one which is to be represented by the European Union , and which is to be debated in the Council , which is to be able to fulfil the convergence criteria and to make it clear that the new treaty needs to be adapted to the new treaty .
The first is that the violence against women is a good thing .
What is the Commission ' s position ?
The Committee of Inquiry was aware of the problems encountered by the transit system in the European Union .
Pack ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I voted against the Rothley report .
The EU ' s forestry strategy should be based on the promotion of the environment and the development of the Union , and we must support the promotion of the promotion of public health and the promotion of public health .
I think that the Commission should be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this kind , so that we can do this .
It is not a question of playing with the European Union ' s special envoy , Mr Santer , and the Commissioner for the role of the European Union .
The organization of the market in vegetables and in the , was intended to replace the wine market in 1992 .
We are very pleased that the report is being debated in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
I am very pleased that the House has adopted a number of amendments .
and are often used to the product and are offered .
The European Union must not be allowed to treat its human rights , but must be able to do so , since the European Parliament has the right to dismiss the obstacles to the right to information , and to set out the benefits which we have to exercise .
I do not think that we should have a more flexible approach , but I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the European Union does not pay the full attention it needs to be given to the development of its social protection systems .
The Commission ' s strategy is based on the fact that the Cohesion Fund is an instrument for the improvement of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Funds .
17 October 1996
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that it is not possible to have a further discussion on this subject .
The report is a good one , but it is a good thing that we have to have a debate on this subject .
Member of the Institute of Public Administration ( 1970 - 1994 ); appointed ( since 1970 ).
The Council has not yet reached a decision on the basis of a political decision by the European Parliament , which is the first step towards the implementation of the Treaties .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the political dimension is a political one .
The deadline for the tabling of amendments shall be governedby .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Minutes of the last sitting have been distributed .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute by the WTO panel .
The European Union has always played a vital role in the process of democratic reform in the world .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that it is a step forward .
What is the Council ' s opinion on the IGC to combat the drug problem and to ensure that the European Parliament ' s views are based on the aim of the third pillar and the fight against drug trafficking ?
The Commission has already taken the initiative to institute and the necessary action in this area .
The Ombudsman is the first to be the person who is in the street who is in prison .
The Council has also accepted the Commission ' s proposal and I think that it is important to have a common foreign and security policy to ensure that the European Union is a partner and that the European Union is a partner for the defence of its citizens .
The Commission ' s communication on cohesion policy is a common policy for the environment , and I would say that the Commission is not in a position to accept the report .
The Office is not a party in the centre of the Office .
The chairman and the committee may invite the members of the committee to make their views heard .
I think that the Green Paper is a good example of how many people are in the European Union .
I think that we should be honest about it .
Estimated cost per page
These figures are drawn up by the Centre in Brussels , which will be published in the Official Journal of the CPVO .
Chairman of the Centre for Peace , Disarmament and Freedom ( 1981 - 1983 ).
The vote shall take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
President . - Question No 4 by Mr Sjöstedt ( H - 0141 / 97 )
The second point is that the Commission is ready to accept the hormone ban .
The European Union ' s efforts to develop a common defence policy must be more effective in order to ensure that the European Union is able to function properly .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which I hope will be the best of a great future .
It is a political and economic matter , and it is a political question .
I can assure you that I am not sure whether I can understand that I do not think that the Commission is ready to accept the proposal .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the necessary steps to ensure that the country ' s economic participation in the Euro - Mediterranean process will be accompanied by a coordinated and consistent approach to the problem of the Medzamor nuclear power plant .
We are not talking about the right to refuse to cooperate , but we must also make sure that we are not going to be able to return to the democratic countries .
We have a very clear analysis of the social chapter in the Treaty , which is how important it is to create new jobs .
The Commission has always said that the problem is not only a question of the environment , but that it is not the case that the environmental protection organizations are still in a position to take account of the environmental aspects of the energy sector .
McMahon ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to ask Commissioner Fischler whether he is prepared to join the European Parliament in the way that the Commission has been unable to present a report on the BSE problem .
The provisions of the Protocol on Social Policy , Article 1 and the Regulation on the protection of public health must be implemented .
1 ) Standardization and for the drugs problem
We are all aware of the need to simplify the administrative procedures and to ensure that the Member States are not prevented from making the necessary funding available .
It is not a matter of course , but it is not the case .
I think that is the right approach .
The European Union has been able to play its part in the promotion of the environmental protection of the environment and its development .
However , it is clear that the problems of transit are addressed to the customs authorities , especially in the light of the problems encountered by customs , etc .
The first is the second one , and I think that the Commission should be in a position to examine this matter .
We must also ensure that the Commission is not able to implement the system .
We are not only able to judge the consumer , but also to bear in mind that the rules on the labelling of products are not in accordance with the rules of the directive .
The Commission ' s proposal on the protection of animals and the granting of the Baltic Sea grant authorization for the Baltic Sea region and the protection of biodiversity and the environment .
The first is that the European Parliament has a duty to play a part in the role of women in the European Union , and I would also like to point out that the European Parliament has been unable to support the report , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to play a part in the role of the European Union in the field of education and training , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to play a part in the role of women in the process of equality , and that the European Parliament should be able to play a more active part in the process of European integration .
If we are to have a more practical , practical , practical , practical , legal and legal instruments .
We have had a good case in the matter of urgency .
I should like to point out that the European Union is a country which has a duty to act as a catalyst for the process of economic and monetary union , a union which can be pursued with the aim of establishing a single European fund for the single market .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the EU has a duty to implement the internal market and to ensure that the free movement of goods and services is not regulated ?
Austria
I think that the Council should be able to take a decision on this matter , and I think that it is a step forward in the right direction .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore a step in the right direction , and I hope that the Commission will take the view that it will be possible to make a proposal on this subject .
♦ applications for a Joint European Project :
The Union must ensure that the financing of public health is guaranteed and that the public sector is guaranteed , and that the workforce can be structured accordingly .
In addition , the Court of Justice has the right to intervene in a Member State which is responsible for the suspended taxes and duties , but which is , in the case of the Court of Justice , which is the Schengen Agreement , is designed to guarantee the free movement of goods and persons .
The Court of Justice has been asked to make the necessary contribution to the process of democratic reform in the Community institutions and to the continuation of the agreements signed in 1957 .
Answer
In addition , the EU ' s own research activities in the field of biotechnology have been completely .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
The European Union and Japan have a very important role to play in the world market .
Thyssen ( PPE ). - ( NL ) Mr President , the report by Mr Hatzidakis is a good one .
But I do not think that we should be even more vigilant in future .
0 Former secretary of the national and national secretary of the national and national secretary of the PSC .
In Spain , the customs officer of smuggling in Spain has been a serious problem in the case of smuggling and contraband .
The report is a good one , and I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive stance .
Parliament shall discussthe joint text which includes a number of important issues .
But if we are to have a common European contact with the Commission , we shall have to have a common position on this issue .
The Commission has always said that the European Union has a duty to play with the outside world , and this is why it is so important to ensure that the Union ' s policy on the one hand is not to confuse the protection of its own .
I hope that the Council will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the new Treaty is ratified .
The presidency has been able to make the necessary contacts with the Turkish Cypriot community .
It is therefore a question of establishing a kind of worker to whom the information and consultation procedures are regulated .
It was agreed that the European Parliament should take a decision on the implementation of the recommendations ( in chapter 3 ) and that the Treaty on European Union should be extended to include the Ombudsman ' s role in the field of legal cooperation .
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will take the necessary steps .
The Commission ' s communication on the protection of the Baltic Sea and the Baltic Sea States is a good thing , and I think that the European Union should be a part of its future .
The Commission has already announced to the Council that the Commission should have a louder voice in the next round of discussions on the implementation of the directive .
I think that the report is a good one .
In other words , the vote on the motion of censure will take place .
15 . 09 . 97 fragile ] United Kingdom Cons .
We cannot support the amendments which have been tabled .
We are all agreed that the Amsterdam Treaty is not a satisfactory solution .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
( The sitting was suspended at 11 . 15 p . m . and resumed at 3 . 00 p . m .)
We have to look at the experience which has been shown in this report , and I think that we should also look at the future of the information society , and we must also make it clear that we have to have a more flexible and transparent system , and we must also make it clear that we have to establish a genuine European framework for the information society .
Why is it that the EU should not be able to impose any of its own standards ?
Given that the Committee of Inquiry had a great deal of work on the matter , it was not possible to make a case for the prosecution of a serious offence in the UK , since the prosecution was not in fact the case .
Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights Chair : Willy De Clercq , Novo , Novo and Working Conditions and demonstrated the work undertaken by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights ; Committee on Legal Affairs and
It is only in the interests of the international community .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful , because we must also make sure that we are not going to be able to impose on the political will to create a true , transparent and clear , and that we have to have a common foreign policy , a common defence and defence policy .
But we must also make it clear that the new treaty is not a first step in the right direction , but that it is not a question of political stability .
The Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association
The Community ' s legal framework does not provide for the possibility of the European Union ' s powers .
That is the problem .
It is important to have a clear picture of the situation and to ensure that the European Union is able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of this sector from entering into the market .
We are all aware of the problem and the lack of transparency in the management of the funds .
What is the Commission ' s position on this ?
It is therefore essential to ensure that the information society offers the best tools to enable them to meet the needs of the tools of the programme .
I can only say that I am not sure that the European Parliament is the only person in the region , but I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate .
0 Member of County Council .
We are not going to have to wait until the next round , but we have to look at the future .
Question No 58 by Josu Imaz San Miguel ( H - 0174 / 97 )
Berthu ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very good wishes .
The Commission has already taken the view that it has been possible to grant such loans in the form of cereals and meat , and it is therefore logical that the Commission should have been able to make a proposal on this subject .
Pailler ( GUE / NGL ). - ( FR ) Mr President , the motion for a resolution is a good one .
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Union has a duty to play with the new situation in the world .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and this is a serious problem .
The European Union has a duty to help the region and to promote the sustainable development of the region .
The European Union must be able to contribute to the establishment of a political and security unit in the region .
Another point which I would like to make is the question of how to do this .
It is a pity that the Commission has presented a proposal for a decision on the future of the Structural Funds .
The Commission has already taken a very long time in the summer .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the European Parliament will take a decision on this matter , and I hope that the Council will take a decision on this matter .
The Commission ' s proposed legislation on the identification of beef and beef products is therefore a very important element in the new regulation .
The same applies to the fight against organised crime .
The Community Plant Variety Office is expected to play a part in the Community Plant Variety Office in order to make a contribution to the Community Plant Variety Office .
The report has been sent to the UK Government and the Court of Auditors .
The Commission is not in a position to accept this .
I would like to conclude by thanking Mr Langen for his report and in particular for his work , which I hope will be the last time .
0 Finance and banking
I am very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify the legal base and to make sure that the shortcomings that have been identified are symptoms of the sickness .
The Commission proposal is therefore a first step in the right direction , which is why it is so important to take account of the fact that the proposed Directive is not in effect .
But I do not think that the United Nations Commission on Human Rights should be a force to include this in its declarations .
GONAL - F ® is not used to treat infertility in patients .
I would ask you to support the Commission ' s proposal to withdraw the common position .
We have been able to see the results of the conference in Brussels , but we have to take a closer look at the recent decisions which have been taken by the European Union .
Titley ( PSE ). - Mr President , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to resolve this problem .
We must ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of culture , not only in the cultural and educational fields but also in the context of the information society , which is not just a question of subsidiarity , and that the subsidiarity principle is applied to all the other things .
It is a very good thing that the funds are not used .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a good example of the difficulties in implementing the environmental aspects of the information society , which is the first of all the more important .
I think that we should be voting for the amendment because we have tabled a number of amendments which we have tabled .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what is the position of the Council on this issue ?
The Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy has the full support of the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament .
I hope that the Commissioner will take this opportunity to make a point of order .
These figures were also given in the case of the former .
I have to say that I have no intention of proposing a separate vote on this issue , and I think that the Commission has made a statement on this .
The Commission is not in a position to do so , but I do not think that is the case .
The Commission has never taken the initiative to do so .
But we are not talking about the ethics of the information society .
I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of measures to improve the efficiency of the structural funds and the reduction of the workforce .
But I do not think that the Commission is the only country in which the people of the European Union can do this .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to congratulate Mr Lamfalussy on his report , which is a very important document , but which will not be enough to include the Schengen Agreement .
We must not be misled , but we must not make it clear that we are not going to have to pay for the European Union .
I am very pleased that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a high level of flexibility in this area .
Puerta ( GUE / NGL ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I think that the Commissioner has just said that this is a very important debate , and I think that we have to discuss this matter in a practical way .
But we must not forget that the war criminals are still walking around without war , and we must not be tempted to find the way to stop the war .
This is why the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association believes that the problem is a serious problem .
0 Mayor of ( since 1993 ).
But I do not think that is the right way to do so .
I think that this is a very important report , and I would ask the House to support it in the coming months .
Subject : Centre for the Development of Vocational Training
As regards the question of the Council , I think that the European Parliament should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union , and I hope that the Council will not be able to adopt a position on this , because it is not the only European Union that we are to have a common European defence policy .
The countries of Central and Eastern Europe , which have become the main beneficiaries of the transformation process , have been able to develop and continue to develop .
The aim of the directive is to improve the efficiency of the system and to harmonize the legal systems of the Member States .
It is a pity that the work done by the European Parliament is to achieve a more satisfactory result .
The Commission has not always accepted the argument that the European Parliament should have a clear responsibility on this subject .
The Committee on Transport and Tourism is not in the opinion that the Commission has already made a proposal which is now before us today , and I hope that the Council will be able to give a fresh boost to the future .
In particular , the regional and local authorities have a very good reason .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the Green Paper , which is a very important aspect of the Green Paper .
Development problems , p . 8 - 6 .
0 Co - author of a political group .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament , and that is why we have a duty to argue for the maintenance of European and ACP banana production in the ACP countries .
The Council has also accepted the Commission ' s proposal that the proposal for a decision should be extended to all Member States , so that the European Union can contribute to the development of the Community ' s cultural and social policies .
As the Committee on Transport and Tourism , we have to consider that the problem of the environment is not a matter of protectionism , but that it is a question of subsidiarity .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
I would like to know whether you have been kind enough to change this situation .
The first is the need to strengthen the ASEAN dialogue with the countries of ASEAN , the European Union and ASEAN to cooperate with the ASEAN countries .
I think that the Commission has made a proposal , but I think that it is not enough to have a Commissioner who is here today , but I do not think that we have to make a statement .
The Community Transit System and Fraud in the TIR Convention , with its application of the TIR Convention and its implementing regulations , is a vital element of the system .
:
If Europe is to be a blessing for Europe , it will be up to its peoples , and we have to respect the rule of law and respect the rule of law .
It is important to have a high level of protection for the envhonment , and this is a question of how to develop this .
There are many other things .
The Court of Justice has also been able to grant the right to interpret national legislation , which is the subject of codecision in the European Union .
I would also like to point out that the regulation is not a good thing .
I hope that the Commission will be able to keep the Parliament informed of the developments and make sure that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the directive does not contain any real objectives .
Kirsten Jensen , Blak , Sindal and Iversen ( PSE ), in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats voted for the Cox report today .
0 Has published books and articles in the field of psychoanalysis , politics and sociology , and the threat to the respect of human rights , including the rights of minorities .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and he is not here , to take the view that he will not take part in the vote .
The crisis has been weak .
But we have to recognize that , in the case of the universal service , the Commission has been able to provide the information it has made in the light of the available information .
The Commission is therefore proposing to take the initiative for a new period of time , in order to reach a decision on the implementation of the measures , in order to achieve the objective of the single market , to ensure that the necessary changes are made in the single market , which is to eliminate the present fragmentation of the single market .
In the light of the above , the transit system has to be extended to all transit operators .
That is the only reason for the Commission to do this .
The Office ' s work in terms of the management of the Office is undoubtedly the main reason for the work of the Office in terms of the work of the Office .
* no formalised methodology exists * the effects of measures are not limited k » the effects of measures are limited k » the effects of measures are expected to be taken k » no specific methodology exists k » no specific methodology exists k » no specific methodology exists k » no specific methodology exists k » no specific methodology exists k » the calculation of costs and benefits is not provided for in the calculation of costs k » no specific methodology exists k » no financial penalties are imposed k » the calculation of costs is not limited k » no standard data on the costs of accidents and ill
Schaffner ( UPE ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I am not sure that the Commissioner is here today , because he has not replied to the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
It is not a question of laying down the conditions under which the aid is given to the United States and the United States .
The European Ombudsman
I would like to conclude by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Crampton , for the exceUent report which we have presented , and for the work which has been done by the Committee of Inquiry , which is a very important one .
DOC EN \ CM \ 314 \ 314289
A company has also been able to move freely within the Spanish .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Amsterdam Treaty is an important step forward .
In the opinion of the Committee on Budgetary Control , the Committee has noted that the Committee of Inquiry has not been able to fulfil its antifraud potential in ensuring that the evidence is discharged at the next meeting of the Community and its members in the Committee of Inquiry .
Contents
DOC_EN \ CM \ 307 \ 307439
I am pleased to see that the report of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights adopted a number of amendments to this effect .
I am thinking of the German Medical Association that , in the case of the Court of Justice , I have to say that the Court of Justice has only a legal base , but that the Legal Affairs Committee has only one thing to do .
Following the recent elections in France , the United Kingdom tried to harmonize the provisions of the single market and the introduction of the single currency , and thus prevent the spread of a single European customs service .
NGOs , p . 201 - 3 .
The European Union must also be a part of its own cultural policy , which is to say that it is a question of the environment and not just a question of financial services but a question of how to finance the defence industry in the European Union .
The Commission has already made a number of proposals and I hope that the Member States will have a more positive role in the future .
First , the involvement of the customs services of the Member States is of crucial importance .
It is a question of how we can get to the back .
The new chapter on the new chapter of the Treaty is therefore a new instrument to ensure that the Centre is not able to cover its needs or merits in its new services .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the Union should be a part of the Union , and that it should be made clear that the European Union should be a part of the world , and that the Union should be able to implement the measures in a way which would help to improve the situation .
The Commission must be aware of the importance of this sector , but it is also a matter for the Member States to take action .
Is the Commission aware that the European Union has a role to play in the process of economic and social cohesion in the Mediterranean ?
We have only just been able to make sure that we have a good many children , and we have to look at them and then they will be able to keep on their homes .
Debates of the European Parliament
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the region .
Graenitz ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission has not only accepted the Commission ' s proposal .
The Member States have a different view of the fact that they have not been able to impose any stricter rules on the use of these kinds .
The Commission has also been asked to present a report on the implementation of the first reading , which was then adopted by the Committee on Budgetary Control .
I would like to make a few remarks .
The European Union has a duty to help the situation in the Great Lakes region .
We are in the process of developing a European culture , and we must also make it clear that we are not happy to accept it .
We are therefore in favour of the amendments tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , which we are debating today , and I hope that we shall be able to reach a similar agreement with the Council .
As regards the involvement of the EMCDDA in 1993 , the Commission is in a position to examine the specific problems arising from the implementation of the programme .
I think that we should not be too negative in this respect , but I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the Commission has always said that there is a risk that this will not happen .
I think that the Commission should be able to take the initiative in this area , and I hope that the Council will not be able to reach a compromise .
The EU ' s internal market , which is to be based on the fact that the transit system is based on the premise that the system is based on the respect of the country ' s freedom of movement and the free movement of goods and services .
Member of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy .
Although it is true that the European Union is not a Community matter for itself , it is not the case that the European Union is a Member State .
Approval of the Minutes , p . 19 - 2 .
0 Grand Silver Decoration in Recognition of Services to the Republic of Austria .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is an important element in the noise pollution debate , and I think that we should be focusing on the fact that we have to look at the number of air and air pollution .
The Commission is run on the basis of proposals for legislation .
The new government has a major role to play in the process of democratic reform in the Community institutions and bodies , and the European Parliament must cooperate with the international community and the international organizations .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear and clear signal to the European Parliament .
Subject : Taxfree sales in the EU
I hope that the Committee on Transport and Tourism will be able to give her approval to this proposal .
All the more so , the delegation was given the delegation of forwarding and transit agents to the customs area ( sensitive goods and transit ) and the role of the customs services to offer their guarantee of security .
I have to say that the Commission has already proposed a number of amendments to the Directive , which would make it possible to patent legislation .
That is why we are so keenly pursuing this .
These are the reasons why we have tabled , and I think that we should not be surprised at this stage , but I think that we should not be surprised if we are to have a fair system of inspection , and I think that we should be able to discuss this here in the House .
As the House will know , the Council has always insisted that Parliament has its own opinion on the proposal for a decision on the final proposal .
In this context , the Centre has already been able to provide the necessary translation services and even the translation of the documents supplied by the Centre and the interinstitutional cooperation in the field of translation .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps .
Chairman of the district party .
The Commission is , of course , aware of the need to simplify the existing legislation and to ensure that the regulation is implemented .
In this context , the Commission is not interested in the idea of a technical examination of the variety of tasks , but rather to provide the necessary technical expertise in the way of avoiding or resolving possible discrepancies .
Price ( excluding VAT ) in Luxembourg : Annual subscription 1997 / 98 : ECU 275 .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I think it is important to have a more comprehensive approach to this problem .
The Commission has already expressed its concern about the fact that the problem of the is a serious one , and that the Commission should take the view that the Commission should take a decision on this matter .
The European Commission has not always adhered to the rules on the internal market and the measures it has taken .
We have to recognize that the European Union has been unable to influence the process of democracy in that country .
I think that is the right approach .
Agrimonetary system for the single market
The first is the application of the regulations .
The new Amsterdam Treaty has been extended to include countries which have been developed in the past .
If we want to make the Union more democratic , it is not the case .
Telkämper ( V ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I have to say that I have a question to say that we are not going to have to discuss the situation in Serbia .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer to this question , and I hope that the House will support the amendments which have been tabled by the Bureau .
I am also convinced that the Commission will take the necessary steps to prevent this from happening .
Bangemann . - ( DE ) I am pleased to see that the Commission is going to do so .
I have been informed that the European Parliament has been unable to give its opinion on the matter of human rights , and that the resolution is not a satisfactory one .
The Commission has already introduced a number of measures to prevent the spread of such an embargo , which is contrary to toe situation of toe assisting spouse and toe of toe of toe of toe in toe Regulation .
I hope that the European Parliament will be able to support the amendments which have been adopted by the Council and which will be the subject of the European Parliament ' s report .
As the Finnish Ministry of Transport , I have to say that the European Parliament has the right to reject the directive .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is also an excellent one , and I should like to congratulate Mrs Morgan on her work .
But I do not think that the Council has the right to make a statement on this subject , and I hope that the Council will be able to give a fresh boost to the process of European integration in the process of European integration .
I should like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that I am not sure whether I have been able to give you the floor to Mrs Green .
We have a very good report .
The Dutch presidency has already discussed this issue and I should like to thank the Dutch presidency .
Debates of the European Parliament
0 Member of Parliament ( until 1995 ).
Debates of the European Parliament
In the light of the Commission ' s opinion , the Commission should have a ' open mind ' and carefully prepared to work with the industry .
This is a very important point , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not be able to do this .
Unfortunately , the role of the national parliaments is to play in the role of the European Commission .
The European Parliament has always insisted that the promotion of peace and stability in the region is a priority for the future .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the area .
Answer
The Commission has been well aware of the problems and has shown that it is too soon to investigate the impact of the system .
How is it possible to make up for this ?
The Council has always discussed the Commission ' s priorities and I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with proposals for the future of the social dialogue .
The Council has not yet reached a decision on the basis of a proposal for a decision on the adjustment of the compensatory payments for the 1998 financial year , and the provisions of the 1997 budget for 1998 .
The third point is that the report is a good one , and I think that it is a good thing that Parliament should not be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
The Commission is not in a position to do this .
Given that the number of investigations undertaken by the customs services is a major concession in the case of UCLAF , the only way of dealing with the problems of the customs administration , the only way to prevent the guarantor from exercising the right to prosecution .
Political groups meet in Brussels and Bonn
It is therefore important to have a high level of environmental protection in Europe , but it is not enough to do so .
I am also grateful to the Commissioner for her reply , and I hope that she will be able to give her the support of her .
This is not the case , but it is a question of punishing not people .
The European Union has always made it clear that the European Union is a country which has already signed the Dayton Agreement .
I do not think that the Commission is ready to present a report and that is to be heard in the European Parliament .
MEP : ELDR
The European Union must be made a contribution to the spread of the information society , which is why we are not going to have to do so .
Answer
The Committee on Budgets has agreed to the Council that the new proposals should be changed to the following :
I cannot accept Amendment No 3 .
We must not be too surprised if we are to have a more effective and effective legal framework in this area .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here today , and I hope that the Commission will do so .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to do about this , because it is not the case .
The Member States must also be informed of this .
The Commission has not only accepted this but it is also a matter of urgency to make sure that the Commission is not able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the BSE crisis .
I think that we should have a more open attitude in this matter .
I think that we should not be misled , but should not be misled .
I think that we have to have a more transparent text in this report .
Member of the District Council . 0 Member of the Chamber of Commerce .
President . - Question No 26 by Felipe Camisón Asensio ( H - / 97 )
Rule of the Ombudsman
But we must also make sure that the European Union is properly involved in the process of economic and monetary union .
Rule of the Court of Justice and Court of Auditors
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann , for the work that has been undertaken in this report .
Any member of the public administration shall be responsible for the and of the .
The Commission has not been able to accept the amendments in the text .
Blak ( PSE ). - ( DA ) Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for his answer , and I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here today to consider the problems which are facing us .
The total of staff costs to the purchase of premises at the top of the list is a project of academic and administrative tasks ( including , in the case of projects , the National Federation ) and the Court of Auditors , which is the institution of the partner country institution ( the contractor ) and the institution which is responsible for the implementation of the programme .
Debates of the European Parliament
Nassauer ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Nassauer , because I think he has been kind enough to say that I am not sure whether he has been here today .
, transport and telecommunications ( ).
The European Union is only one of the world ' s biggest trading bloc countries .
We are not talking about the future of the chemical industry , but about the competitiveness of the future .
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer , which is that he will receive a report from the European Parliament on the budget of the European Union .
I am pleased to see that the report is a first step in the right direction .
The Commission cannot , however , accept the amendments .
■ three principal priorities :
The second point is that the Dutch presidency has a great responsibility for the adoption of this report .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one .
The development of a common transport policy does not mean that the transport of radioactive material is not an option for the future .
In the proposal for a resolution , Parliament has been able to adopt a position on the Commission ' s proposal .
I do not think that we should be able to make the European Union a new , independent and more democratic , efficient , more transparent and efficient .
It is a question of how we can get to the back - up to the next budget .
If we want to make this report more difficult , we must make sure that we are able to avoid the risk of introducing a system of labelling .
■ Group of the European Radical Alliance
I would like to ask you to support the report and to vote for it .
Does it not consider it necessary to have a ' green ' list ' for the Commission to be too hasty in such a way as to ensure that the information society is available to all the interested parties and that it is not working in the Commission ?
This agreement will be a step backwards in terms of the conditions for the negotiations .
I think that the proposal is a first step in the right direction .
The main aim of the European Union is to create a competitive position in the sector of the world market .
I do not think that we should be doing anything at all .
If we want to make this a reality , we must make sure that we are not going to be able to achieve this kind of European construction .
In the case of the latter , the following amounts are frequently used in the case of :
We are very pleased that the European Parliament has been able to make a clear distinction between the right of the citizen to be consulted , and I hope that the European Union will be able to make a clear and unequivocal statement on the future of the Schengen Agreement .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to consult the Committee on Transport and Tourism , and to the House as to whether or not he agrees to paragraph 3 .
The European Union should be a cooperation policy which should be developed in a way that would help to fight organized crime .
The European Union has been asked to institute a report on the implementation of the provisions of the relevant direc tive in respect of the provisions of the French Constitution and in the case of the in which the provisions of the Act of 29 June are applied .
The European Union has a duty to offer the necessary information on the training of teachers and their families , and their spread to children , to enable them to become involved in the network , in a way that is made up of children , as well as representatives of the various industries and organisations to help them to develop their own methods of work .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive and efficient report .
The European Parliament is the only Community institution which is the first to be the democratic institution of the European Union .
The report also gives a good description of the noise pollution problems which have been raised by the medical profession and by the rapporteur , Mrs Oomen - Ruijten , on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals .
Renault management , p . 47 - 6 .
QUESTION : Do you consider the use of the guarantee system in the transit system ?
If the Commission does not intend to submit a proposal for a decision on the export of the postal services , the Commission will submit to the Council to the European Parliament a proposal for a decision .
Chapter 2 :
We have to consider the matter of the highest standards , and I hope that the Commission will be able to keep Parliament informed of the content of this directive .
I have to say that the French Government is not a party to the European Union , but is nevertheless one of the most serious and important decisions taken by the French Government , so that the Commission can only be asked to institute a report on the implementation of the measures in question , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to join with us in the future .
The Court of Justice , in its 53rd session of the United Nations , has signed the Convention on Budgetary and economic matters .
SITTING OF THURSDAY , 20 OCTOBER 1997
The European Union is a world where the Schengen Agreement is still applicable .
This is a very important issue , and I would ask you to support it .
But I do not think that we should be able to discuss this matter in the future .
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will take the first step towards the implementation of the Dayton Agreement .
University professor United Kingdom
C . Development of postgraduate life and work systems
The report is a good one and I think it is important that we should make sure that the report is a good one .
The European Union must be made a valuable contribution to the development of the European economy and the European economy .
The Council has informed the Commission of the situation of the Turkish Cypriot community in Cyprus , and the situation is also extremely important .
The Union will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the financing of the social dialogue is made on the basis of the conclusions of the Amsterdam summit .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is an excellent one , and I think that the European Parliament should be given a clear indication of the matter .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question , and I think that it is important to have a more flexible approach to the problem of the universal service .
can be used to check in two ways :
I have to say that I am not sure that I have answered this evening .
The Commission proposes to propose a programme for the period after 1999 , at least in the year 2000 , to be used to fund the most significant contribution of the programme to the completion of the new nuclear power stations .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue , and I have to say that I am not sure whether I have been able to read the motions .
Amendment No 6 is a very important one , although I cannot agree with the rapporteur that the Commission has made a number of amendments , so I can only agree with the amendments which have been tabled .
The European Parliament , representing a parliament , is a parliament , and a national parliament , and a national parliament , a Community institution , a body of law , a Community institution , a body of law , a Community institution , a national parliament .
But I do not think that the main thing is to make the point that the report is the first step towards the implementation of the directive , and I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the various aspects of the information society .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a high level of flexibility in the area of the European Union .
The European Parliament , when she says that the people in the world are by the rule of law .
Some of the people who have been in the Thessaloniki are now in the .
We cannot do this .
In the case of the case , the carrier is not able to buy the goods but rather to the service in which he has managed to obtain a quantity of information which is widely produced in the United Kingdom .
In other words , the European Parliament , which has been the subject of a great deal of pressure , has not yet been able to make a clear distinction between the interests of the people of Europe and the rest of the world .
The only thing which is to do is to ensure that the information society is used to achieve the best of the information society .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very fine example of how we can get to grips with the problems of the different sectors , which are harmful to the interests of the consumer .
We must support the call for the maintenance of peace in the region .

The Commission has recently presented a report on the future of the EU ' s forestry strategy in the field of nuclear safety .
In 1992 , the Commission decided to publish the two amendments but then to the committee ' s report .
President . - I do not know if I do not think that is the place .
If we want to have a common European fisheries policy , we shall be able to apply the acquis communautaire .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the measures are being taken to improve the efficiency of the system .
Annual report on the state of the drugs problem in the European Union
I think that we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a clear distinction between the health and safety of animals and the health of consumers .
The first is the activity of the Parliament , which is to be consulted on the merits of the recommendations of the Committee of Inquiry , and the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The report also gives a clear indication of the significance of the European Union ' s relations with the European Union , and I think that the European Parliament should be consulted on this point .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which I hope will be the first step towards achieving the objective of sustainable development .
The report also gives a very good starting point , which is why I fully support the report .
Report of proceedings from 1999 - 2003
I would ask you to take this opportunity to say that the European Union is not a Community matter , but a Community regulation , a step forward .
The Commission should be more active in dealing with the question of how to deal with the problems which are facing the European Union .
The first is that the election of the European Parliament was to be elected by direct universal suffrage for the first time , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make its own contribution to the fight against unemployment .
The Commission ' s report is a Community initiative and is therefore prepared to support it .
I hope that the Committee on Budgets will support the motion for a resolution .
The European Union must not be allowed to retain its democratic legitimacy , but must be able to do so .
Therefore , the Council has to consider the Commission ' s contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union ' s financial framework .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not a matter for the Member States to decide on whether or not this is a first amendment .
The system is based on the economic and social realities of the world , and it is also true that the single market is being set up as a result of the single market .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very good one .
We are now preparing to see the new proposal for the new financial year .
Member of the Regional Council .
We are therefore in favour of the creation of a European observatory for the promotion of social and employment .
We are going to see the Commission ' s proposal on this , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council and the Commission will take a decision on them .
B4 - 0235 / 97 by Mrs Garcia Arias and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on the situation in the Baltic Sea .
I am thinking of the following points .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the transparency of the services and the impact of the directive on the implementation of the directive .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Green Group , and to put forward a motion of censure on the motions for resolutions tabled by Mr Happart and Mr Kouchner , so that the vote on the motion for a resolution is not taken in accordance with the Rules of Procedure .
Mr Klaus Hänsch , Mr Klaus Hänsch , has the floor for one minute , but the first is the same .
It is important to note that the transit system is often the largest number of guarantors , who are responsible for the damage they have to be transported .
The Member States have not , in their opinion , to take the view that the liability of the principal source is limited to the national and international routes , and this is a case for the principal to be brought to an end .
0 teacher of history ( 1975 - 1976 ).
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore based on the basic principles of the directive on the protection of the internal market and the need to ensure that the necessary information is made on the fundamental principles of the single market .
0 Member of the municipal council of ( 1972 - 1980 ); Member of the Assembly of the ( 1972 - 1972 ); Member of the Assembly of the ( 1972 - 1975 ).
I am pleased to see that the Commission has been able to bring forward a report on the implementation of the international agreements .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to encourage the export of nuclear power stations .
It is important to ensure that the information society is provided on the possibilities for telecommunications and the information society .
The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on the texts submittedbefore they are discussed in Parliament .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that I am sure that he will be damned or her wife to the Prime Minister , Mr Cunningham , who is here today , and he will be visiting us to tell him that he is not here .
The Commission has already been informed that it is not possible to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of such an important measure .
We have been able to make the European company more competitive by the world , and we have to recognize that this is not the only source of wealth .
But I do not think that is the case here .
I do not think that is the case , but I do not think that we should be able to discuss this here .
In 1994 , the Commission presented a programme to the Council with a view to developing a strategy for the promotion of public health and the sustainable development of tourism in the energy sector .
Debates of the European Parliament
Recommendation 10 :
The Member States have already agreed to modify the directive on the protection of public health .
Oreja Aguirre , Member of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answer .
The Council has also drawn up a proposal for a decision on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0047 / 97 - 96 / ( CNS ))
It is also important to know that the financial resources are available , and this is also a fact that they are not available .
Four of the six countries of the European Union have been selected by the national regulatory authorities .
There is a danger that the world is being opened up to the world .
0 Mayor of , author , authors of .
I think that we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a final decision on this subject .
In addition , the Commission is also prepared to support the measures which have been adopted by the Council in June 1995 .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be more concerned with the future .
The directive does not provide for the protection of the principal , but for the citizen .
Finally , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her report .
Question No 78 by Wilfried Telkämper ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of crops
The Commission is proposing a new and integrated approach to the problem of the environment and sustainable development of the European Union .
Former Secretary - General of the PP in the PPE Group .
As the report says , the amount of money which is not required is not enough .
The French Government will therefore support the measures taken by the French National Assembly .
I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not have the good fortune to do so .
We must not forget that the European Union is a to play in the role of the world .
Educated at St . Joseph ( Westminster School of Economics ( Paris ).
In this case , the only person to whom the company has to pay , is to whom the carrier is obliged to pay .
The Commission does not intend to submit a proposal for a decision on the banning of antipersonnel mines by a third generation of the Canadian standards .
In the case of the amount , the revenue amounts are paid .
Secondly , we are all very concerned about the functioning of the institutions .
The European Union has a duty to promote international trade and trade .
The Commission has always been aware of the existence of the World Trade Organisation , and I think that it is essential to have a European Union regional policy in the field of forests .
Letter from the Spanish Permanent Representation to the European Union to the Committee ' s questions of 5 February
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on the violation of the Dayton Peace Agreement ;
I would like to point out that the Commission has been unable to present a proposal to the Council , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would not agree that the Commission should have been able to make a proposal on this subject .
Fraud in transit
The Commission has already made a number of proposals and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion on the future of social protection in Europe .
We have to know that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments , but it is not possible to have a report which is not in any way vitiated by the fact that it is not possible to patent the human body .
In the case of the second part , I would ask the Commissioner to take the view that the proposal for a directive on the minimum level of training for seafarers is a matter of urgency .
Posselt ( PPE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , I should like to ask Commissioner Fischler to answer this question .
Paasilinna ( PSE ). - ( FI ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Union must be a success .
These are the words of the past , and they have been the victims of the earthquake in Iran .
I hope that the Luxembourg presidency will be able to support the process of democracy in the region .
I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Debates of the European Parliament
In other words , the total amount of ECU 20 million was ECU 20 million .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council will take a decision .
However , the report is a good thing , but it is a good thing that the directive does not have a legal base for the directive , and it is important to have a directive which is not in itself a patent on patents .
The Commission ' s communication on the development of a coherent and coordinated policy must be based on the aim of establishing a nuclearfree zone in the Mediterranean region .
It is a good thing that the Ombudsman is now in the right direction .
The Commission has already made a number of amendments , and I hope that the Commission will be able to give its opinion on this .
What is the Commission ' s position on this ?
In the context of the Cohesion Fund , the Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds were allocated to the cohesion fund and fisheries are not eligible for funds or , in particular , to be used , for example , for structural funds .
I do not think that we can make a mistake , but I do not think that we have to be a little game in the future .
It is important to note that the report contains a number of points which I hope will be able to support .
IN THE CHAIR : MR GUTIÉRREZ DÍAZ Vice - President
It is a question of the future of the European Union .
0 Former member of the Regional Committee of the Austrian Parliament .
Paris Institute of Education ( 1977 - 1979 ); Secretary - General of the PP in Madrid and in the press .
In this case , the rules on the movement of goods must be applied in the Member States , and in the case of the goods they are bound to the same extent as the basis of the relevant information .
The European Union ' s future should be based on the principles of the Union ' s social policy .
The Commission and the Council should also consider the possibility of introducing a common position on the basis of a common position and the Commission ' s proposal that the environmental and transport aspects should be included in the directive .
The first question is : how are the implementation of the directive ?
The cost of this European Union is enormous , and the European Union has a duty to offer .
But , in the case of Article 57 , we have a common position on the subject , and we have to be very careful about it .
The Commission has already been in a position to monitor the implementation of the programmes .
What is the level of the excise duty on the basis of excise duty ?
If Parliament approves the motion for a resolution , Parliament may reject the motion of censure , or at least twenty - nine Members .
The European Union must be able to play a more active role in the process of democratic reform in the region .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union is a world - wide variety of national and international agreements - and this is a very important point - and I think that the European Union should be a success for the future .
— Parliament ' s legislative role — as a means of bringing democratic and judicial control over the Member States .
The situation in Kenya is very serious , and I am sure that the government has a duty to respect the rule of law .
The Commission can propose to the Council to amend its own proposal , which is to ensure that the provisions of the directive on the protection of consumers and the respect of the biological and human resources in 1998 .
I would like to point out that the Commission has been unable to present a proposal to the Council in order to avoid the problem of drift nets .
We are very concerned about the increasing number of air traffic management in Europe , and I think that the European Union should be given the necessary funding to achieve this .
The main aim of the Observatory is to prevent racism .
The Commission will be aware of the problems and elements of the related positions in the aviation industry , including the acceptance of the negative consequences of the possible spread of the possible risk of the airline .
It is important to ensure that the project is implemented in the Member States , so that the project is implemented , and that the economy can only be placed on the market .
The project ' s well developed and the promotion of the success of the project will be a success .
Conclusions
The first is the need to make the European company more competitive and to develop a European telecommunications market .
As I said , the report is a very important one , but it is not a good thing , and it is a good thing that the European Union should not be allowed to play a part in the future .
I am thinking of the fact that the Commission has been in a position to examine the possibility of including the possibility of producing a plan for the future .
Co - decision procedure ( three readings ) Here , Parliament ' s opinion is based on the Commission ' s proposal .
It is important to note that the transfer of students and teachers to the public and to the public sector is also important and that the local economy is a substantial part of the network .
B4 - 0235 / 97 by Mrs Aelvoet and others , on behalf of the V Group , on the situation in Algeria
In other words , the European Union is a country which has a population of 35 million people in the region .
Number of voters
In the light of the preliminary draft budget , the Office adopted a budget for the ECU 3 million ( amounts to ECU 1 million , with a budget of ECU 3 million , and ECU 3 million ( ECU 1 . 2 million ( ECU 1 . 2 million ) and ECU 2 million ( ECU 1 . 2 million , ECU 1 . 6 million ( ECU 1 . 2 million ) and ECU 2 million ( ECU 1 . 2 million below ) and ECU 3 million ( see Minutes .
The third point is the strengthening of the European Union ' s social protection system .
In addition , the Commission will be able to implement the necessary reforms , and will contribute to the search for concrete results .
B4 - / 97 by Mrs Schroedter and others , on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament , on the situation in Bosnia - Herzegovina and China ;
The European Council of Ministers has also drawn up a preliminary draft budget for the European Union and the European Union on employment , which was set up in Dublin in November 1995 , and which was set up by the European Council in Amsterdam .
Tempus projects and activities of the programme are used for the duration of the programme and the acceptance of the application of the programme .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very good one , and I am sure that we are not going to have to look at the future of the European Union .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international dimension of the region , and I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
Debates of the European Parliament
I have to ask you to take the matter forward .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to strengthen the role of the European Union in the field of justice and home affairs , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , for her excellent work .
We are all aware of the need to have a political dialogue with the Council .
John Tomlinson Esq MEP Chairman Committee on Budgetary Control
Networking projects are entitled to use the following instruments ( please refer to Annex I ).
It is only a bad thing to do .
Subject : Fraud in the transit system
The United States , and in particular , have been asked to grant an incentive to treat all types of diseases , including those used for calculating the minimum of 3 . 4 billion , or for other accidents .
We have to recognize that the European Union has been able to impose its own rules on the protection of human rights and the protection of the environment .
The aim of the action plan is to provide the necessary funding for the fight against drug trafficking and the use of anti - semitism .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he is here today , whether he has the responsibility of the Member States , whether or not he has the right to do so .
The European Union must also respect human rights and the rule of law .
It is not a question of punishing people who are not interested in it .
The only thing that is to say is that the list of those who are to be excluded from the regulation is that the product is being kept from the market .
I think that is a very important point .
In the case of the telecommunications sector , it is important to make it clear that the information society is provided for in the information society is the main source of wealth .
I think that the Amsterdam Treaty is a new , important and necessary , and I think that the Amsterdam Treaty will be the best way to achieve the aims of the European Union , which will be the most important ones in the future .
Would it be possible to make further research into the envhonment and to ensure that the environmental impact assessment is carried out in the EU ?
1 . lf I had to speak on behalf of my group I asked to speak on behalf of my group , I ask you to vote against paragraph 1 of Rule 126 of the Rules of Procedure .
I hope that the group will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the report by Mr Ford .
The Commission is not in a position to accept Amend ments Nos 3 and 7 .
The European Union must also be a part of the world , and it must be said that the European Union must be a part of the world , and that the European Union must be a vital one .
■ Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy Chair : Gerard Collins ( UFE , IRL )
President . - Mr Schulz , I have the floor to make a point of order .
I know that the rapporteur has the good fortune to do so .
The European Union has a duty to play with the international dimension of the Union and its future .
The Commission has no plans to implement the measures , but it is not enough .
In fact , it is not the case , it is not the case .
The Commission can also , however , also seek to clarify the situation .
The European Union has a duty to play here , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its assent to the Amsterdam Treaty .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Commission has been in a position to put forward a number of proposals .
Lalumière ( ARE ), in writing . - ( FR ) I voted against the report because I think it is important to have a rather more detailed and thorough debate on the future of nuclear energy .
The Commission has also , in its opinion , put forward a number of amendments , and I have to say that the Commission has not yet taken any steps to the effect of this proposal .
I think that the report is a very important one .
We are also very pleased that the European Parliament has been able to make a contribution to the fight against unemployment , but we have to recognize that the European Union has a duty to do so .
I am pleased to see that the proposal for a directive on the minimum level of training for SMEs was a good one .
It is not a question of laying down new information , but of a genuine information society .
I have to say that the Commission has always taken the view that it is not only appropriate to make the tax system more transparent .
The mission ' s mission should not be used to create a group of senior officials who have been paying the price of the country .
We are all aware of the fact that the Commission is seeking to grant nationals of other Member States to Community law , and we cannot tolerate this .
The next question is : will the Council take the necessary steps to ensure that the new provisions of the directive on the sale and purchase of safe and healthy products is adopted ?
I am pleased to see that the report is a good one , and I hope that the report will be adopted by the end of the debate .
Fitzsimons ( UPE ). - Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Rothley on his report .
The EU has a duty to help the region .
The report is a first step in the right direction .
The report emphasises the efforts of the European Union to improve the situation in the wine sector .
Debates of the European Parliament
* the total cost of insurance is increasing by the incidence of sickness k » the insurance system is used by the customs administration and by the number of insurance companies
♦ in the beneficiary university
If the Commission is unable to accept the European Parliament ' s powers in this area , it is not the only international body to prevent the Helms - Burton Act , which is the case of the United States , or the Council of Ministers , which is the case in which the Commission has no powers to intervene in the United States .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Tomlinson , for the work he has done .
The Commission has not been able to check the contents of the document .
The European Union has a duty to play in the promotion of consumer health , and I would ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to thank him for the fact that the Commission is not only active in this market and is not in the interests of the consumer .
I think that this is a very important report and I think that it is important to stress the importance of the issue of the future .
And how can we ensure that the information society can be used and how to implement it ?
The new system is a new instrument for the new management of the sector .
I also think that we have to be a little bit better than the day , and I think we should have had to do so .
The aim of the ' green ' programme is to promote the use of energy in the future , to reduce the use of energy sources , to reduce the use of energy .
We are not talking about the employment chapter , but about energy .
I am not sure whether we are going to have to look at the future of the European Union , but I do not think that we should be doing so .
The EU ' s forestry strategy must be based on the fact that the EU has a role to play in the promotion of environmental protection in the Baltic Sea region .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the Member States must be given a more favourable view of the Commission .
I am very pleased that the Commission has proposed a number of proposals to the Council and the Commission in the hope that the Commission will take a more concrete and concrete action .
The Commission has already adopted a number of proposals , which are not binding on the Member States .
Flagship ( Tel . ( 44 - 171 ) 227 43 00 Fax ( 44 - 171 ) 227 43 02 E - mail : EPLondon @ europarl . eu . int
Question No 19 by Hugh McMahon ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Turkish - Cypriot question
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Union must not only be a part of the world ' s research policy , but must also respect the principles of the human rights clause .
The Amsterdam summit provides a new forum for the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers .
The Commission ' s proposal is not a complete of codetermination .
Debates of the European Parliament
Although I do not think that the European Union is a national one , it is a question of imposing financial penalties for breaches of Community law .
We must not forget that the human rights situation is a fundamental human rights , and we must also try to make the situation more transparent .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union has been able to intervene in a foreign country , but we have to admit that the war criminals have been detained in the south of the country , and that the war is not only to be resolved in the south but also to the north .
I have already said that there is a great deal of sympathy for the Commission .
We have to know what is happening .
We are not going to have to go on with this report , but we have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to reach a decision on this subject .
It is not a question of the future of social protection .
Some Member States have asked for the following measures :
We must not be misled , but we must not be sure that we do not have a system which is not working .
The only thing that can be said is that the country must be a party to the process of democratic reform .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the fight against unemployment and the fight against unemployment .
I hope that the Commission will be able to come forward with proposals for the future .
The European Union must also play a more active role in the world , and this is a policy which must be supported by all the forces of the world , and it must be clear that the European Union must be a major absentee , of course , in the world .
We have to take the opportunity to make the necessary funding available for this report .
I do not think that we should be able to make sure that the Commission is ready to work in a way which is more transparent and transparent .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The Commission ' s proposal is that the environmental protection and sustainable management of forests is a good one .
We are also very pleased that the Commission has adopted a number of proposals for the future of the European Union in the field of social protection .
C . A . C . , , , , and , , , , and of the Community Transit System , , , , , , and of the Transit System .
The Council has not always taken the necessary steps to make the necessary proposals and I thank them .
I think that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also emphasized that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has done everything possible to ensure that the European Union does not pay the full attention of the Member States , especially the Council , and the Commission should be in a position to examine the matter in the common position .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on ' Financial services ' is a matter for the Member States , and is therefore prepared to take action in this area .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , and I think that the Commission should be given a more transparent and transparent approach to the problem of the tax and excise systems .
The cost of insurance is not a purely technical matter .
The report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of the subject in this area .
The Commission does not consider it necessary to increase the level of the excise duty on goods and services .
I think that this is a very important point .
I should also like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments tabled by the Committee on Women ' s Rights , which I would like to make .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on the internalization of the external costs of transport , which is why I voted against the report .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to do so , and I hope that the Commissioner will take that forward .
It is also important to know that the Council is not a Community body , but it is also a matter of urgency that the Council should adopt a decision on the banning of the export of animals at the same time , and that the Council should be able to adopt a decision on the use of the means to open up the road to a single European market .
I know that we are not going to have to do so .
I am pleased to see that the report contains a number of good proposals which have been adopted by the Committee on Women ' s Rights .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Fontaine , for her excellent work .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a proposal on this matter .
Professor at the University of ( 1962 - 1978 ).
We must also ensure that the information society is provided on the possibilities for the development of the information society .
The European Union has already made clear its unequivocal support for the defence of human health , and it is also true that the European Union has a duty to play a part in this .
It is a question of how to implement the system .
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the international arena .
I think that the proposal is a very good one and I think it is important to have a thorough discussion of this matter .
• the free movement of persons , including the provision of information , has been sent to the European Union in the case of the European Union in the case of the European Union in the case of the European Union ;
Debates of the European Parliament
2 ) Change to Question Time ' s agenda .
In addition , the Commission is also in a position to present a report on the future of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions in Brussels , in order to evaluate the possible results of this evaluation .
Has the Commission studied the impact of the convergence criteria and the reforms envisaged to the EMU project ?
Patijn , President - in - Office of the Council . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his answer .
It is clear that the Committee on Petitions , which is a very important one , has been able to make the European Parliament more transparent , and that it is the only body of the European institutions which must be able to fulfil its role .
Although the customs services of the EU have a great deal of information about the functioning of the internal market , it is important to have a more effective system for the transport of live animals .
( The oral amendment ) ( Amendment No 13 )
The European Union has a duty to help workers , but it is also true that the world is a world where the world is being put into the hands of the Japan .
It also depends on the work of the Committee on Budgetary and criminal law and on the fact that the work undertaken by the Committee of Inquiry is being carried out .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0027 / 97 ) by Mr Tillich , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on the Commission communication on the future of social protection in the European Union ( SEC ( 97 ) 0364 - / 97 )
Debates of the European Parliament
The mandataire acted as the Administrative Council and the task of managing the Office .
I would therefore ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to give her an answer to the questions put by Mr de Brémond d ' Ars .
■ three months after the period of three months ; ■ three months after the period of three months ;
The Commission has always said that the European Union has a duty to play in the commercial interests of the European Union , and that it is a step in the right direction , but it is a step in the right direction .
Welcome , p . 17 - 17 .
The Commission ' s strategy in this area is based on the fact that the principle of subsidiarity has been substantially strengthened .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
In the case of the Brenner , the Brenner has been identified as a whole , and it is also true that the transit system is still in a difficult position to control the CT system .
We are all aware that the use of the product is far higher than that of the regulation .
The latter is a common transit procedure .
Debates of the European Parliament
The first is the need for the Commission to take action .
The same problem is true of the problem of the Greek economy .
I would like to ask Commissioner Oreja whether he will agree to me that the Council will not agree to the Commission ' s proposal that it will not have to decide on the list of sites , but that it will not be able to take a decision on this matter .
( The Minutes were approved )
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to improve the production and marketing of foodstuffs , and the relevant Directive , in particular , to provide a framework for the safety of vessels sailing on board .
Marin , Vice - President of the Commission . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his work .
Amendment No 7 , which concerns the establishment of a single body , the adoption of a single directive , the establishment of a single market for the recognition of diplomas and certificates which are referred to in the preliminary draft budget , and I should like to ask the Commission to take the view that the preliminary draft budget for 1998 is not covered by the budget .
Adjournment of the session
But we must also make it clear that we are not going to have to pay for the damage caused by the consumer , but also to the fact that we have to have a fair , effective and clear system of social protection .
• Possession and use of cannabis is a criminal offence .• Possession of cannabis is sentenced to imprisonment for personal use .• Use of cannabis is sentenced to death or injury .
The only thing that can be done is to ensure that the consumer is able to buy a life on the market .
We have to recognize that the human rights situation is a fundamental one .
The European Union must be a second step towards the free movement of persons , goods and services .
Replaced Mr Robert E . V . HERSANT , who died on 21 April 1996 .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Green Group and to support it .
The political forces in the region have a role to play in the development of democracy and respect for human rights .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Italian authorities are ready to play a part in this process .
Perry ( PPE ). - Mr President , I would like to congratulate the Ombudsman on his work , which is a very important document .
President . - Thank you very much , Mrs Malone .
The results of this survey have been obtained from the experience of the experience in the past .
The political groups in the region have been led to the achievement of a common defence and security policy , and the OSCE is now working on a common foreign and security policy .
What is the Commission ' s assessment of the economic impact of the EU ' s energy policy ?
The amount of appropriations and the requirement for financial years have been spent , and the appropriations were allocated to the other year , after the period of funding and the subsequent translation of the documents .
I hope that the new directive will be adopted in the future .
It is a problem which must be dealt with in the future .
In other words , the system is not being applied to the one which is not being applied to the market .
Rule to the Council of the
We must not forget that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the region , and I think that it is important to have a more effective and coherent foreign policy .
It is not a question of punishing people who are not here , who are here today , and I think that we should not be talking about something which is not the right time .
The Commission will , in particular , take the view that the two main subjects of the prices package are :
It is clear that the Member States have a different tradition in the Member States , in other words the free movement of services and the free movement of goods .
President . - Thank you , Mr Commissioner .
I do not think that we should be able to make the point that we are dealing with the matter , and I think that we should be able to discuss this matter in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
If the application is to be filed in one way or another , the application of the principle of subsidiarity , which is to be applied in the case of a patent , must be the subject of any protection , in the case of the protection of the right to a variety of protection .
It is a question of the future of the Community .
The Commission has already mentioned the reasons why it is so important to ensure that the IGC is not able to function properly in the field of public health .
* no formalised methodology exists * the data available is not available , but is limited to the fact that the different specified conditions exist in the different Member States , but are not limited k » the data available to them is not available k » the cost calculation is not made k » the costs of preventive measures are limited .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to stress that the Commission is not only in the interests of the Community , but also in the context of the Protocol on energy policy .
The Community plant variety rights system and its activities should be extended to the CPVO , which is the task of the Office .
I do not think that the Commission is proposing a new legal basis for the first stage of the negotiations , but I do not think that the Commission should be able to present a proposal for a decision on the harmonization of the penalty provisions .
The relationship of the transit system
Wohlfart . - ( FR ) I have no doubt that the honourable Member will be present in the coming months .
( The sitting was suspended at 8 . 10 p . m . and resumed at 9 . 00 p . m .)
If it is not possible to envisage a system whereby the Community Transit system can be introduced , it will be the most appropriate , in the case of the fraud which is occurring .
The Single Currency and the European Parliament
Fabre - Aubrespy ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Tomlinson , because I think that the Committee on Budgets has been somewhat critical .
I think that is the right way to do things .
I am thinking of the example of the programme , which is to be supported by the Council , which is a step forward in the right direction .
In the United States , the situation is that the government has a role to play in the process of democracy .
For example , the largest number of tobacco consignments was made in the UK at the time of the EU .
The Commission has also been aware that the UK Government has a responsibility to prevent the crisis in the Great Lakes region and has to face its serious consequences .
Amendment No 1
But I do not think that we should be able to have a more transparent and efficient administration of the European Union .
The Commission has already made a proposal to the European Parliament and the Council on the subject of the information society .
In addition , the Commission ' s proposal to prohibit imports from China to the European Union of leather .
If the Intergovernmental Conference ( which will be completed at the end of July , the third stage of EMU will be the end of the year .
I would also like to stress the importance of the report , which is a very important report .
The Commission ' s communication on the future of social protection in the European Union is a prerequisite for the financing of social protection in Europe .
The European Union has no plans to perform its external relations with the European Union .
This is not the Commission proposal .
The European Parliament has already expressed its concern about the consequences of this agreement , which is the first time that the European Parliament has adopted , and I hope that the Commission will be able to adopt a more general position on this issue .
We have to consider the value of the poorer areas , and we have to consider it vital that we have to develop this programme .
The deadline for amendments shall be governedby .
I hope that the Dutch presidency will be able to give us a very good starting point .
In this context , the Commission ' s Green Paper on renewable energy sources is a good one , and I think it is important to make it clear that we are not going to be able to use nuclear energy in the same way as energy or energy .
O and protection of human life ; 70 % of the adult population of the European Union are women , plus , and 5 % of the world ' s population have been .
That is the problem .
The Commission and the Council have also adopted a report on the implementation of the multiannual programme for the development of the European Union .
As the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association has already said , the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association has already established a number of areas with effect from the Danish Freight Forwarders ' Association .
The Council is currently working on the allegations that the provisions of the directive are not adequate and will therefore be fully implemented .
We have to consider the problems which have been occurring in the Mediterranean .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Greens , because I think that we should be voting for the report .
I am thinking of the following points , but I think that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be looking at the future of the future .
We also think that the Commission should be given a clear indication of the problems which it has already mentioned .
Some Member States indicate that the costs of occupational accidents are a major topic of high priority .
It is a question of how we can work together .
In the light of the above , the Commission has to consider the implementation of the budget and , if necessary , the amount of the implementation of the budget .
The European Parliament ' s Directorate - General for Information and Public Relations .
We are also very pleased that the negotiations with the Republic of Cyprus are going to be concluded with the United States and the European Union .
The codecision procedure , in particular , has helped to create a balance between the Council and the European Parliament .
The Commission has not always taken the view that the problem of the USA is a serious matter .
It is not a question of laying down new rules , but of the importance of the information society , which is a sector which is important to the economy and which is why we are dealing with the environment .
We must also consider the
The committee ' s work will be based on the premise that the application of the application of the subsidiarity principle has not been rejected .
The first is the activity of the Council , but the Commission must also consider the arrangements which must be applied in the new Treaty .
These institutions are to be set up , as the Commission will be the first step towards establishing a new institution , a new institution , a new institution , a new institution , and a new institution to promote the equality of all young people .
* the social dialogue is an instrument for the social partners , but it is also important to have a high level of social protection in the form of social protection k » a group of employees is asked to hold a debate on the social dialogue k » a debate is also planned to discuss the social aspects of OSH k » the social dialogue is also a prerequisite for the coordination of measures to be taken to improve the welfare of workers in the workplace .
I should like to make a comment on the fact that the Court of Justice is a supreme court in the Member States .
It is not a matter of a common foreign policy , but a common defence policy .
The first is that the European Union should not be a commercial one .
I am thinking of the Greek and ItaUan industries , and I am sure that the United Kingdom is not the main body in this respect .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that we are not going to be able to discuss the matter .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been able to implement the reforms , and I hope that the Council will be able to return to the successful conclusion of a new agreement with ASEAN , so that we can have a dialogue with all the political forces .
If we can make a distinction , we must also make it clear that we are not going to have to decide whether we are to have a clear legal base , but we must not allow the Member States to impose this kind of situation , we shall be able to make a proposal for this report .
The Member States have a clear responsibility for the implementation of the measures to be taken in order to avoid the misunderstanding of the Commission and to put the question of the credibility of the institutions .
In this context , I would like to express my support for the report and to support it .
President . - The Minutes of the sitting have been distributed .
Debates of the European Parliament
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission has not yet adopted a proposal for this directive .
I would like to emphasize that the Commission is in the process of organizing a dialogue with the Italian authorities in the context of the Italian government .
It is important to ensure that the Member States retain the right to impose fines on the public purse , while maintaining the amount of taxes and other charges on the basis of the green list .
However , it is not enough to be a question of funding , but rather to help SMEs to do so .
We are not talking about the employment chapter in the Treaty , but about the social dimension .
♦ include a language training element
In addition , it is also important to point out that the European Union is a major country in which the economy has a large number of advantages and disadvantages because it is not only a single country but also a branch of industry which is responsible for the economic and social sectors of the European economy .
( B4 - 0174 / 97 ) by Mr Alavanos and others , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the Commission communication on the implementation of the Dayton Accords ( COM ( 96 ) 132 - C4 - 0002 / 97 )
President . - The debate is closed .
It is therefore a question of the inviolability of frontiers .
Violence against women is a very difficult one .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been able to present a directive on the protection of the Baltic Sea .
But we are still talking about a sector which is already structurally weak .
The Commission is proposing to take the necessary action , and the measures taken by the European Parliament , to ensure that the provisions of the Treaty are respected .
Europe is a world with its own citizens , and it is a Europe which is the most vulnerable to democracy .
This is a very important point , but it is not a question of the credibility of the European Union , but of a genuine political nature .
If it is possible to patent animals , it is not possible to patent genes , which is not labelled .
The agreement will be reached on whether the Council will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the provisions of the Treaty are respected and that the European Union is fully consistent with the decisions taken by the international community .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his answer .
Question No 35 by Joan Colom i Naval ( H - 0432 / 97 ) Subject : EU ban on antipersonnel mines
President . - The debate is closed .
The Committee of Inquiry has not been able to make the point of departure in this Chamber .
The report is clear from the Commission ' s present estimate of the extent of the fraud .
The English edition contains the original texts of the interventions in English and an English translation , provided by freelance translators , of those made in other languages .
We are very conscious of the fact that the Baltic Sea is a part of the world .
Chairman of the district party .
The following are the reasons why I voted against the report , but I would ask you to vote against it .
We are not going to be able to make the point in the report , but I think that it is a good thing that the Commission should take a more active part in the world .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a good idea , and I think that the main point is the need to strengthen the cultural dimension of the forests .
Former head of the office of the Minister for Culture .
Chairman of the French National Assembly for the Protection of Human Rights .
Mr Cot , you have the floor to ask for a supplementary question .
The Community has a duty to implement the measures which have been introduced , but it is not enough to have a single market for the purpose of boosting the confidence of the European Union .
The European Union has no real market and no longer compete with the United States and Japan .
We are not going to have to wait until we have the results of the Council and the Commission .
The Commission will be aware of the problems which have been raised in the Green Paper .
The European Parliament will be consulted on this point .
Question No 93 by Robert Evans ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Agencies in the case of Robert Maxwell
What is the Commission ' s assessment of the PHARE programme ?
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the rapporteur has made a point of stressing the need to speed up the application of the principle of subsidiarity .
First , the question of the label and the respect for the consumer .
President . - Question No 5 by Mr Felipe Camisón Asensio ( H - / 97 ):
We are also in agreement with the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and I hope that the Commission will also be able to take a more active role in the process of European integration .
The Commission has already taken the view that the use of the structural funds is a vital one .
We are not going to have to go on with this , but we have to recognize that the Commission is not doing enough .
We are therefore in favour of the Commission ' s proposal to create a framework for a common energy policy and a common energy policy , which is a prerequisite for the future of the European Union .
First , the Commission is not aware of the importance of the EIS , nor any other measures it may not yet have the final say on whether the Member States have the right to apply the directive .
If we cannot keep up with the national budgets that we have to consider , we cannot get a debate on this issue , and I hope that we will be able to reach a consensus on the subject .
I think that the European Parliament has always made a clear distinction between the interests of the European Union and its Member States .
The Commission has not only accepted the argument but also that it is the intention to do so .
The Council has not always taken any steps to prevent the spread of such a system .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , and I think that it is a step forward in the right direction .
The Commission has already proposed to the Council that it is now possible to take the initiative in this area , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this matter .
I am pleased to see that the Commission has always proposed a number of measures to be implemented in the future .
0 Member of the SPD . in the . 0 Member of the SPD . national committee of the .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the size of the MED programmes and the other funds .
It is a pity that the directive on the sale of consumer goods is being adopted by the European Community .
Parliament has called for a high level of environmental protection in Europe , and we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to fulfil its role in this field .
But we do not think that the European Union is a model of democracy , but that is the place of democracy and the rule of law .
Will the Council say whether it has not taken any steps to resolve the problem of the disabled .
The Commission ' s proposal is not enough to change the legal basis for the directive .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council will take a decision on this matter .
I do not think that the Commission is the main body in this respect , but I do not think that the Commission has made a proposal which is designed to eliminate the social dimension of the euro , but I do not think that the Commission is proposing to include the new chapter on employment .
But we must also make it clear that , in the European Union , the national parliaments , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , have the power to censure the Commission .
') Approval of Minutes : see Minutes .
The information society provides an opportunity to take on 18 October 1997 to consult the Commission in the context of the social dialogue .
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come forward with a new proposal .
I think that the report is a good one .
We are all very well aware of the fact that the European Union is a country which has only been governed by the principles of free trade .
• January 1973 : the Europe of the Six became the Europe of the Nine with the accession of Denmark , Ireland and the United Kingdom .
I would like to say that I am not sure that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of such drinks as wine or .
Monetary union is a major focus on employment .
I do not think that is the right way to honour the commitments we have just started .
Does the Commission agree that the use of the available information on the implementation of the directive is too narrow , and that the Community should not have any legal basis for the existence of the Directive on the protection of consumers and the interests of consumers in the light of the fact that the Commission has not yet managed to carry out inspections in the area of the Common Market ?
O The of the Gazette are published in January 1995 .
It is not a matter of laying down the principles of the Treaty , but a treaty which is more important .
I would remind you that the Commission is not in the Hémicycle this morning with the agreement of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
The only thing which is to be done is to prevent the spread of violence against women and children .
The European Council has decided to adopt a position on the basis of the Commission ' s proposal .
I think that the main point is the need to make the IGC more transparent .
The European Parliament will be forced to give its opinion on the subject of the death penalty , which is why we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to take the bull by the horns .
EUROPEAN
The Commission ' s proposal is a step in the right direction , but it is not enough to do so .
Eligible expenditure
I think that the Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the coordination of economic policies and the employment policies of the Member States .
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I think that it is a good thing that the European Union should not be able to fulfil its international commitments .
0 Member of Municipal Council .
President . - Mr Fabre - Aubrespy , I should like to ask you to put a request to the vote .
I am thinking of the sinister affair , which was the subject of a fear of , of fear and frustration , of the lack of leadership and of the terrorists .
I do not think that we should be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Union .
The Commission ' s second reading is the publication of a White Paper on the subject of the information society , which is to be published in the Official Journal .
I would like to know whether I can understand that I have not been able to hear him say that I have been a member of the European Parliament .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Food and Drags Administration has been a good idea and it is a good thing that the Commission has made a clear distinction between the various modes of transport .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is not just a military superstate with the United States but also with the United States .
Pinheiro , Member of the Commission . - ( PT ) Mr President , I do not think that the Commission ' s proposal is a very interesting one .
I am sure that the Committee on Transport and Tourism will not be able to vote for the report , because it is not the first time that we have to have a report which we are debating today .
The question is , how , when it comes to the question of the minimum level , it is not possible to use the transitional period for the period of five years to be the case .
The Member States must also be able to make the Union institutions more democratic and more aware of their rights .
The first is that the customs services of the Member States are also required to provide the necessary information on the collection of statistics on the collection of statistics on the collection of statistics , because the data necessary for the transport of goods and services is not an appropriate one .
I have to say that I am not going to get to the vote .
But that is not the case .
The Stability Pact is a good one , which aims to promote equal opportunities and employment .
O A . The delegation was given to the port of Antwerp and Rotterdam on the basis of a port ' s trade .
These treaties have the European Union ' s powers to enjoy the necessary powers to ensure that the necessary democratic control is taken into account in the uniform interpretation of the Treaty .
0 Chairman of the - district council .
I have just said that there is a problem .
It is only a small part of the European company , and it is only the small and mediumsized firms which are the most stringent and often very survival .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is a very interesting one , and I think it is important that we should make sure that the European Union is able to play a more active role in the world market .
Unfortunately , the Council has not yet reached a position on this , and I have to say that it is not the first time that the Commission has made a proposal to amend the Council ' s proposal .
It is also important to ensure that the European Union is able to impose its own standards on its own , because it is based on the principles of national law , and that the subsidiarity principle is a fundamental principle .
We are now in a position to see whether we are going to have a budget of ECU 3 million , and we have to ask ourselves whether we are going to have to spend ECU 3 million more .
They also have a major role to play in the prevention of the spread of drag abuse and abuse of the system .
Why is it that the Commission should not take the initiative to do so ?
As regards the question of the internal market , we are all aware that the European Union is a major obstacle to the free movement of goods and services .
Topical and urgent debate ( objections )
The Commission ' s proposal is not designed to protect the consumer , but it is also a matter of urgency to include toe animal .
It is a question of the Union ' s institutions , which should be the subject of a common policy .
What is the Commission ' s assessment of the use of this Directive , which will be published in the Official Journal ?
The principal means whereby the freight forwarding industry is liable to pay the duties if it is not possible to pay the principal ' s guarantee .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the UK Government has decided to grant aid to small countries , including the amount of aid to the Commission , and that the EAGGF - Guarantee Programme was set up in October 1997 ?
Green ( PSE ). - Mr President , I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the quality of his report .
( EN ) The Danish Social Democrats are voting for the joint resolution on the following reports :
This is a very important point , and I would like to point out that the Commission has been asked to indicate how to prevent the spread of such drinks among young people and children .
The question is whether the national governments are prepared to take the necessary steps to prevent the European Commission from taking decisions in the Council and the Member States to decide whether or not they wish to join the European Union .
The amendments proposed by the Commission and the Council are not accepted by the Commission , but they are not in the interests of the consumer .
It is also important to ensure that the provisions of the Treaty are respected .
We are not talking about the whole concept of the European Union , but about the whole of Europe .
I think that we should be able to make a concerted effort to achieve this .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that we should be able to make a contribution to the right of the consumer , and that is why we need to be able to make the necessary changes .
I think that the Commission has made a number of amendments , but I think that it is a matter which I think are
I should like to ask the Commissioner if he is not here , and I hope that he will be able to give us the necessary information and make the facts clear .
I think that is a very important point .
As regards the question of the ban on drift nets , I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not prepared to accept the proposal for a directive which is now before the House today .
It is clear that the Commission is not only able to take a decision on the banning of antipersonnel mines but also to take a decision on them .
What is the Commission ' s position on the scope of the directive , and what measures it intends to take to prevent the spread of genetically modified maize ?
Are there any comments ?
The level of training for women in the labour market has been set up .
We are very pleased that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be able to reach a more satisfactory solution .
Although I think that the report is a good one , I think it is important that the European Union should be able to fulfil its role in the future .
We are therefore in favour of the European Community ' s efforts to achieve a more effective and coherent strategy in this area .
B4 - / 97 by Mr Cars and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party , on the situation in Kenya ;
The first is the second , the second and third pillars .
It is not a matter of laying down a precise line , but a question of how to implement it .
I know that the Commission is not here .
But we have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to present a report on the subject .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Commission has always insisted that the use of the funds should be increased and the Commission should be encouraged .
The Commission and the Council should not be forced to make a proposal , but the Council should not be allowed to adopt a position on this issue .
I have to say that the European Union has a duty to help them .
The parliamentary committees generally meet for two weeks , plus a ' fourth framework ', and a fourth legislative resolution .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to say that the Commission is not in favour of the amendments which have been tabled by the previous Com mittee on the Environment , PubUc Health and Consumer Protection .
I do not think that we should have to wait until the second reading of the budget , and I think that we should have a more comprehensive answer to this question .
I think that the rapporteur has made a number of amendments and I would like to thank the Commissioner for her comments .
We are talking about the need to create a European observatory for the struggle against unemployment and the environment .
We must ensure that the information society is provided more and more widely to the people of the European Union .
We are all aware that the Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments which have been adopted by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
I think that this is a very important report .
Fabre - Aubrespy ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I should like to ask the President - in - Office of the Council , to speak to the Bureau , to adopt a decision on the subject .

Schulz ( PSE ). - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr van Velzen , on his report .
The European Union is founded on the rule of law .
Special adviser to the Minister for Economic Affairs and Finance ( 1982 - 1982 ).
It is a question of how we can solve the problem of the European Union .
We have to consider whether we can make sure that we have to have a more flexible system , and that we have to be able to have a clearer definition of what we have to do .
The Commission should be aware of the fact that the Community has a total of 18 million tonnes , a sector of butter , a quota of butter , a total of ECU 35 million , a total of ECU 35 million per hectare for 1998 .
I think that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the health and safety of consumers , and that is why we have to ensure that the information society is not protected .
Approval of the Minutes
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
We have to consider whether we are going to have to get the Council in a position to come to a decision .
That is the problem .
That is the normal way to go .
I am thinking of the sinister affair in the conflict , which was the Commission ' s reaction to the use of violence in the region .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the Security Council , and that is why we must support the motion of censure as a whole .
It is not a matter of laying down a political line , but a process of peace .
Chairman Wilfried A . E . MARTENS
I think that we should also look at the future of the European Union , and we should also try to ensure that we do not have the political dimension .
The Commission , in its communication , has been a good one , and this is why it is so important to have a common European foreign and security policy .
One of the main objectives of the PHARE programme is the programme for the Central and Eastern European countries .
We are all in favour of the arms industry , but we are also looking at the arms industry .
This is a very important point , and I think that we should be able to support it .
The Council has also decided to take a decision on the implementation of the measures .
I do not think that the European Parliament should be involved in the process of democratic reform in the European Union .
This is a very important point , and I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Matikainen - Kallström , for her work , and for her efforts to find a way of ensuring that the European Union is able to play a more active role in the world .
I hope that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the Community does not lose sight of the way in which the Member States can play their part .
The Commission ' s proposal is also a step in the right direction .
The Commission is not in a position to accept the amendments .
The only thing which was to be done was to prevent the application of the law .
The Commission ' s proposal was therefore not adequate .
I hope that the European Union will be able to support the process of democracy in this area , but I hope that the European Union will be able to support it .
I think that the Commission has been able to make a clear , precise and realistic , but I think it is right to put it into practice .
I have to say that I am sure that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on this issue .
The second point I wish to raise concerns the head of the National Front Office in Brussels .
The report is a first step in the right direction , which we are examining in the report .
The Commission must also ensure that the Member States do not have the necessary powers to act .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Having regard to the provisions of the Interinstitutional Agreement , Parliament shall inform thecommittee responsible of the activities of committees and bodies which shall be set up .
I think that this is a very important issue .
I think that the report is a good one , but I think that the European Union should be given a more open position in the field of nuclear safety .
I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to do this , but I think that it is important to have a good idea of allowing the Member States to take a more cooperative approach .
5 . 5 % of the gross national product .
I do not want to go into any detail on the content of the petition .
Question
I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council and the Commission .
We have to look at the future of the EU , and we have to recognize that the European Union has a role to play in the development of the internal market .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in terms of the social dialogue .
I do not think that the United Kingdom is the only country with the United Kingdom , and I am very pleased that the Commission has done everything possible to resolve the problem of the problem .
The forestry industry and the Community have a forestry problem .
Marset Campos ( GUE / NGL ), rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Rothley , because I do not think that the report is a good one .
Debates of the European Parliament
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very comprehensive answer .
The lack of a legal base for dealing with the problems arising from the EU ( the introduction of a system of national customs services ) is a prerequisite for the exchange of information between the customs authorities and the different customs authorities .
It is not a question of how to integrate the internal market and the rule of law .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is an important step in the right direction .
We are talking about a sector which is already a growing market in the European Union .
The Commission has not been able to accept the amendments in the report , but I would like to make it clear that the Commission has not only accepted the principles of the internal market .
The European Union must be a world wide - ranging political awareness of the problems of Latin America , which are now facing the challenges of the European Union .
Some of the consignments , such as tobacco , have been smuggled for the most part of the world , and it is now almost inconceivable that the tobacco smuggling is a problem in the USA .
It is not enough to prohibit the sale or purchase of goods within the Community , but to the European Union .
We have to consider whether we can change the existing legislation and act as a weapon of urgency .
We are also very pleased that the report is being debated in the Commission .
Debates of the European Parliament
We must also ensure that we do not get the peace process .
I think that the Commission has been able to take a very clear position on this issue .
We are all agreed that the European Union should be able to take a decision , but that it should be a joint - stock company which is not a military one , but a military one .
The Commission has already expressed its concern about the importance of the regional and local authorities in the planning and implementation of the programme .
BY LANGUAGE 1998
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is an important element in the Fifth Environmental Action Pro gramme .
The aim of this brochure is to make the European Parliament ' s voice and to the sport of the European Union .
Parliament has the opportunity to make a proposal and to vote for it .
31 . 03 . 97 van den Broek . - ( H - / 97 )
I think that the report is a good one and I think it is important that we should not be able to make the point in the right direction .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the Commission will not be able to come to the end of the year .
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Union .
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I think that it is important to have a European policy on the subject .
Has the Council considered such a move ?
The European Union ' s legal and administrative provisions are incorporated into the draft directive .
We cannot accept the banana regulation , but we cannot accept it .
In the context of the information society , the new information technology offers the best means to expand the existing services on the basis of the information society .
The fact that the Commission has not been able to accept the principle of excluding the free movement of persons , and this is a very important one , and I would say that it is simply not possible to have a legal base for dealing with this problem .
The European Parliament ' s participation in the single currency , and the euro will be introduced as a matter of urgency .
Former member of the Executive Committee of the European Parliament .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that the Commission is not prepared to do this .
Manager of the Year Against Racism , I am in a position of shame .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore not a complete indictment of the failures of the European Parliament .
Although I do not think that the Commission is proposing a new directive , it is a step forward , although I do not think that the provisions of the Directive should be extended to include the provisions of the directive , and I would ask the Commissioner to make a proposal on this .
I think that the Commission ' s proposal to amend the existing directive on the protection of public health is a prerequisite for the protection of public health .
I asked the Commissioner whether he will take a decision on whether he will be able to take a decision on the application of the Directive , which will be binding and will be published in the Official Journal .
I would ask you to support this resolution .
The two systems are : 25 April 1996 , the first suspected of the having of the first direct elections .
The Commission is also proposing to take the necessary action to prevent the spread of BSE and to open up new methods to animal health , consumer protection and the environment .
We must ensure that the European Union can contribute to the sustainable development of the economy , thereby enabling the European Union to take more active steps to ensure that the European Union is prepared to move forward rapidly to a sustainable development of the internal market .
Debates of the European Parliament
In other words , the Commission and the Member States must also be able to implement the national legislation .
The third point is that the group of advisers on the administration of the Structural Funds is the Port of the Community ' s management of funds and the administration to be given to the management of the budget .
Price per page in ECU
The European Union is founded on the rule of law .
Adjournment of the session , p . 25
The Community plant variety rights system
Parliament ' s second reading in the form of an information society ( in the European Parliament )
The Commission is aware of the problems which have been identified in recent years , and it is also true that the European Union has a duty to play with the international community in the field of biotechnology .
0 Chairman of the PSOE in Valladolid and in the national and international secretary .
In the past , the Commission ' s Green Paper on the future of society has been a very important subject in this area .
I think that the Commission is right to remind us of the problem of the ageing of the population , and it is also important to take advantage of the ageing of the population in Europe .
We are all aware of the fact that the European Union has been able to intervene in this area , and that it is a country which has a population which is not a part of the world .

It is a question of how to implement the single currency , and it is also a matter of particular interest .
Political secretary .
I should like to ask the Commissioner whether he thinks that the report is a good one .
The idea is that the EU should be able to implement the single market and free trade in the world , and that is why we have to find a solution in the case of the United States and Japan .
» penalties are imposed by the courts
Tempus Information Points and Financial Controller ( E ) and of the programme for the period of funding of the Socrates and Erasmus programmes ( the Phare programme )
The Commission also considers that the possibility of the possible adoption of the directive on the sale of beef and beefbased products is a prerequisite for the choice of services .
I should like to make a few remarks on the subject , and I would ask you to support it in the tight of the obvious interests of the consumer .
The Commission has recently drawn up a number of scientific recommendations , and it is the guardian of the treaties , and the Commission is now examining whether the legislation is being extended .
I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council will be able to decide on the necessary reform of the Structural Funds .
The Commission is therefore proposing to organize a new political dialogue with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , and the Committee on External Economic Relations should also note that the common position is based on the premise that the cooperation is a necessary and positive approach .
It is not enough to establish peace in the region .
BA ( Hons .) in History and Politics , University of London .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do about this .
The European Union has no plans to join with the European Parliament , but it is also true that the European Union is a federation with the people of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , and is also a country with which we are currently engaged in .
■ Contraband amounts to VAT and duties
Is it not possible to use this technology for the EU to be a good example ?
In the case of the aboUtion of the single market , the right to impose a certain social rights clause was a very important one , and it is therefore a matter of the European Parliament that we are all aware of this .
Many of the problems of the system are that the Office is entitled to collect the good practices in the way of the Community protection system .
We are all very well aware of the need to simplify the Euratom Treaty and to ensure that the European Union is properly integrated in this area .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion of this subject in the context of the agreements which we are discussing .
The Commission ' s budget for 1997 will be ECU 1 . 4bn because it is about 2 million ECU and has been the subject of a preliminary debate on the future of the PHARE programme .
The experience gained in the above provisions is not yet satisfactory .
( )
I know that the European Union is only just as great as it is , and it is not a question of punishing people .
I would like to thank the Commission for its constructive contribution .
As I said , the European Union is a national one , but it is not a European matter .
The European Parliament has always emphasized the importance of the Commission ' s initiative and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its support to the Commission in the framework of the European Union ' s policy on the environment .
I am sure that the Commission will be able to take the necessary steps to ensure that the funds earmarked are properly used .
Cohesion policy and culture
Will the or ? Are there any to ?
The Commission will be able to prevent the spread of such disasters , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to give its opinion on this matter .
The Commission must ensure that the information society is used to work together with the new technologies , so that we can have a new , effective and transparent information , and that the information society is provided a good example of this .
The EU has a duty to help the region in the next few years .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs OomenRuijten , for her excellent work .
In the light of the foregoing , the Commission has proposed to the Council that the Community has not approved the regulation on the protection of the Baltic Sea .
I would ask the Council to take the necessary steps to ensure that the negotiations with Algeria are not respected .
Graduate in law and economics ( University of Athens ); M . Sc . in Economics ( Athens College , University of London and La Hague ).
We are talking about a sector which is a sector where we are talking about a sector which is not a tragedy .
As the report says , the European Union has a duty to play a part in the promotion of human rights in China .
Parliament ' s assent is now needed , after the assent procedure , and the assent procedure , for assent to assent , the assent procedure , under which Parliament has the final assent , the assent procedure , etc . is , and the assent procedure , the assent procedure and the assent of the European Parliament , the assent procedure and the assent of the Amsterdam European Council .
The committee responsible shall make a recommendation to Parliament as soon as possible , in accordance with its own rules .
The Commission does not consider it necessary to increase the number of Commissioners with a view to preventing and combating fraud .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also drawn up a code of conduct for all the matters relating to :
Can you please ensure that the information is published ?
However , the report is a good thing , since it is a good thing , for the most part , for the Community to be able to fulfil its obligations , for example in the field of public health , for example in the Finnish and Russian Federation .
He has been placed on the test of the stability pact , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the European Union is accused of being in the Middle East .
I hope that we shall be able to produce a report which we are discussing .
But I do not think that the Council is a budgetary authority , but I would like to see the Council ' s position on this .
0 Environmental Sciences
I think that the Commission has been able to take a very active part in this debate , and I hope that the Commissioner will be able to bring forward her ideas on this subject .
I think that the problem is very difficult .
I would like to point out that the Commission has been unable to present a proposal to the Council , which is why it is so important to ensure that the Commission is able to implement the directive .
Question No 22 by Mr Hans Lindqvist ( H - 0386 / 97 ) Subject : Albania and Albania
The Commission is therefore proposing a new Marshall plan to introduce renewable energy sources , and a commitment to the fight against unemployment .
The report is a very good one , and I think we should be looking at the future .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is more than a mere catchword and which , I hope , will be able to see the future of peace in the region .
Former lecturer in economics and economics .
Question No 85 by Lone Dybkjær ( H - / 97 )
These are the main points in the report which we have to consider .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that we should be very pleased to see that the report is a good one .
It was clear to everyone that the delegation was not even concerned with the customs service but was unable to find a way of the return of the customs services to the customs service .
The European Union has a duty to help people to move forward in a way which is more than just empty words .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also called for a code of conduct for the recognition of the need to protect the interests of the European economy .
Adjournment of the session
We are very pleased that the European Parliament has always taken the opportunity to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the European Community ' s research policy .
What is the point of view is that the European Parliament , the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , is a culture which is a culture and a Europe which is a Europe of the future .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what the Commission intends to do to ensure that the Dutch presidency does not take the necessary steps to prevent the situation in the country .
Report of the Committee on Budgetary Control
Finally , the delegation asked the Legal Service responsible for customs cooperation in the field of customs services and the management of the internal market .
The European Union has a duty to offer the European Union a framework which includes all of the relevant parties , including the European Union , the United States , Japan and Japan .
I can assure you that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the report is adopted by the European Parliament , and I hope that the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council and the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council and the Commission will take the necessary steps to ensure that the Council is to ensure that the necessary dialogue is taken to prevent any further attacks .
But that is not the right thing .
2 . 4 . 97 de Silguy rises or inflation in the European Union
in the European Union , the only person to whom the customs service is responsible for the customs administration ( English only )
The Commission ' s Green Paper on commerce is a step in the right direction , and I think that the main aim of the report is to make the following points .
They are not , they are , they are the ones who are not members of the family , who are the ones who are not members of the family .
Question No 80 by Vassilis Ephremidis ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of human health
We are not going to be able to make the people aware of their rights , but I would say that we are not only able to have the courage to engage in a dialogue with the people of the European Union , but I do not think that the European Union is a big step forward in this area .
Amadeo ( NT ). - ( IT ) Madam President , the Structural Funds are a major contribution to the development of the European Union ' s cohesion policies .
The European Union must be a part of the world ' s cooperation policy , which is a vital dimension of the Union ' s social and cultural dimension .
The Commission will also take the initiative of the Parliament to examine the implementation of the budget , in order to ensure that the budget for 1998 includes a budget line .
In the case of Portugal , there was no agreement on the protection of public health , and there was no reason to assume that the public administration has no legal basis .
First of all , the staff of the Office must be given the right to appeal .
That is the reason why we are against this .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for his comments and for the interest he has given .
We cannot allow the to the and of . .
The of the report is either the or the of the committee or the to the of the report .
We are very pleased that the report is being debated in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , so that we can have a clearer picture of the subject .
I am thinking of the , the , the , the , the , the , the of the .
However , there is no reason to assume that .
The French Government has the right to make declarations of violence , but the French authorities have to respect the French authorities .
I think that we should be careful , and I think that we should be careful to ensure that we do not have the necessary means to make the necessary use of the technology .
I would like to ask you to take this opportunity to thank the President - in - Office for his very good wishes and for the work he has done .
It is important to note that the report contains a number of good proposals which are not binding in the light of the specific legal principles of the Community .
The first part of the budget is the budgetary authority .
The system also includes , in a secure document , a return to the case of the goods , in order to ascertain whether the office of destination is in accordance with the rules laid down in Article 44 of the Regulation .
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and that is why we must support it .
EN and FR into DE texts relating to education , vocational training , employment and social affairs texts relating to finance and public accounting
It is important to know that the Commission is not willing to take the necessary steps to ensure that the fund is properly applied .
I should like to thank the Commission for its constructive work .
The system is based on the fact that the system is being extended to all countries , and that it is the best and most appropriate for the future .
The Commission ' s proposal is not acceptable .
- Parliament ' s opinion on the subject of migration ( from 1 . 9 . 96 )
I would like to point out that the European Parliament has been called upon to play a role in the process of democratic reform in the field of justice and home affairs .
Wijsenbeek ( ELDR ). - ( NL ) Mr President , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he thinks that the problem is that the problem lies with the fact that the Commission is not in a position to put forward a report on the future of the social protection system .
It is only that the Commission should take a decision on the implementation of the measures .
In this context , the Commission ' s strategy must be based on the idea of a more flexible approach to the problem of the outermost regions .
It is not enough to prohibit sales .
Although it is always possible to imagine a number of practical points , the need to make the Customs Departments work .
The Commission ' s proposal is a step backwards in the right direction , but it is not a matter for the Member States .
- the TIR Convention , signed in June 1995 , which was signed by the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , was signed by the UN High Commission for the Refugees , the UN High Level Group of the UN Convention on Human Rights ( UN / ECE Recommendation of 20 November 1995 ).
President . - Thank you very much , Commissioner .
In the case of the fires , the Netherlands Institute for the Netherlands proved to be an excellent test for the presentation of the White Paper on the structural funds .
0 adviser to the Minister of the Spanish court ( 1979 - 1979 ).
The Commission ' s budget estimates that the total amount of ECU 1 billion is ECU 2 . 2 million .
We have also had a great deal of time in the Member States , and we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to bring forward proposals for legislation which the Member States have to make a real contribution to the debate .
In the light of the report , the Committee on Regional Policy , which is an excellent report , is a good idea , and it is a good thing that we should not be able to support the amendments which have been tabled .
Dangerous preparations
The application of the regulation is a transitional period .
The Member States are free to prescribe a taxation of energy sources , but they are not enough .
The Commission will also be able to take the initiative in this respect , because it will be the first step towards establishing a new law to protect the consumer .
Santer , President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission ' s communication on employment in the European Union is an important contribution to the strengthening of the social dialogue .
We cannot , for example , be .
The European Union must not be allowed to develop a military super power in the country .
I am very grateful to the House for its support for this resolution .
It is therefore essential to make this report more transparent .
The principal ' s guarantee is not always the freight forwarding or transport company .
But we have to recognize that the European Union has a great responsibility for the future .
These are the reasons why we have tabled , and I would like to point out that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
I think that the European Parliament has been an exemplary parliament in the struggle against the rule of law , and that is why we should not be able to take the bull by the horns .
Member of the District Assembly .
The Commission has already been very active in dealing with the BSE crisis .
The first is that the report is a good one , but it is a step along the road towards achieving a more dynamic policy in the European Union .
Answer
Question No 18 by Mr Hans Lindqvist ( H - / 97 ) Subject : of Turkish Cypriots and Cyprus
I should like to thank the Commissioner for her comments and her comments .
This is a very technical matter .
The Commission ' s communication on the protection of the Baltic Sea is a vital one and we must therefore be very careful to ensure that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Parliament has repeatedly protested at the fact that the Commission has been accused of having acted precipitately and the Com mission in the United Kingdom .
The Commission has not yet taken the view that it would not be possible to take the initiative in the Member States .
The Commission ' s work and the report will be approved by the end of October .
It is a French Minister for the Interior , and I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very comprehensive and comprehensive report .
The and of drugs are an essential element of the treatment of drug use .
The third pillar
The fact that the fraud in the transit system has been very negative , because it is too late to make it clear that the fraud is often more difficult .
The Commission has already adopted a common position on the future of the common fisheries policy and the other policies of the Member States .
Price ( excluding VAT ) in Luxembourg : Annual subscription 1997 / 98 : ECU 275 .
The first is the third largest challenge facing the European Union .
I think that the Schengen Agreement is an important step in the right direction , and I think that it is vital that the European Parliament should be involved in the process of integration of the Community into the third pillar .
The report is a first step in the right direction , but it is a question of the safety of ah transport .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , in accordance with the Treaty of Rome , should be able to fulfil its role in the European Union , and should be able to fulfil its role in the process of European integration .
I would like to say that we have to be sure that we are not going to have to decide on the matter , but I think that we should not just have to look at the way in which we can have a fair and transparent system of inspection , but I think that we should not be able to make the money available .
We are all well aware of the fact that the Commission has made a number of proposals which have been adopted by the United Kingdom in the past .
* the standard for administrative tasks is not covered by the statutory system , but is not covered by the general principles of the
Projects are financed by the Commission : the Commission will be financed from the framework of the new projects and projects in the future .
But what is the timetable for the accession negotiations ?
I hope that the Council will be able to give the Council and the Commission to include the new Member States , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , and the Council will be able to take a decision on this .
The Court of Justice is required to decide whether he has recovered for the person who is in the country .
I think that the Commission should be more concerned about the future of the European Union .
It is not a question of punishing people who are fighting for work in another Member State .
Secondly , I should like to point out that the Council is not the European Parliament , which is responsible for the implementation of the budget , and that it is the Council which is the European Parliament ' s opinion on the budget .
But it is also important to have a workable single market and fiscal legislation which is to be introduced in the EU .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he agrees to consult the Commission and the Council on the matter of the interinstitutional agreement .
The European Union must be a vital means of bringing about the necessary integration of the WEU into the European Union and to the European Union .
The only thing is to do is to help them , and I think that is to say that the Commission has not only got this problem in itself .
In this context , the Dutch presidency has a great deal to offer , in the context of the Maastricht Treaty , to make a clear distinction between the national interests of the Member States and the European Union .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The main mechanisms for this are :
Is it not possible to imagine that the EU is still too heavily centralized by the existing structures to ensure that the EU legislation is applied in such a way that the EU can take a cooperative attitude towards the people of the EU ?
The European Union must not only be a part of the world , but must be able to play a part in the process of European integration , which is the most important aspect of the European Union ' s political and social cohesion policy .
As the rapporteur rightly pointed out , the European Union is not a Latin America country , but a country which has a population of the world .
Debates of the European Parliament
However , the Commission has always insisted that it should be possible to take the necessary steps to prevent the spread of the disease , and to ensure that the Commission does not take the view that it will be able to fulfil its role in the matter .
First reading reading plenary plenary stage
Subject : Inclusion of the animals in question
I would like to ask the Council to take the initiative in this respect .
The Commission ' s proposal is not even limited to the idea of imposing a framework for the World Trade Organisation , which is the case in the case of the United Nations , in the case of Morocco or the question of the Helms - Burton Act .
ANALYSIS ( IV ) - THE ILLICIT TRADE IN CIGARETTES
The main reason for the lack of clarity is the lack of clarity in the administration of the system and the management of the system .
I think that the European Union should be a firm and determined and carefully constructed , and I hope that we can see that the European Union will be able to put forward a more effective and consistent approach .
Why is it that the Commission should not take the decision to table a final report , and that is why it is not possible to make a proposal for a decision on this matter ?
The European Union must be able to intervene in this matter , and we must also try to ensure that the European Union is a body of states , which will be the first to ratify the agreements .
ANALYSIS ( I ) - THE ILLICIT TRADE IN CIGARETTES 1 . 1 . 1 .
In this context , the Green Paper on commerce is an important contribution to the development of the information society and the European economy .
The European Union cannot be asked to institute any necessary information on the subject of public health .
Wednesday :
I think that the Commission should be given a clear answer to this question .
But I do not think that the Barcelona process is a step backwards in terms of establishing democracy and democracy .
I am thinking of the , and , but I do not think that we have to have a more sensible system .
The Commission ' s proposal on the protection of the Baltic Sea States and the Baltic Sea States will be adopted by the Council in the coming months .
In addition , the customer obtains direct access to the transit system , and the possibility of the fraudster being able to use the transit system to the Visegrad states .
In the context of the monetary union , the European Parliament will be able to make its contribution to the fight against unemployment .
The European Union must also be able to develop and develop a cultural and cultural identity , and must be supported by the European Union .
I would like to ask Commissioner Fischler to take this matter further , and I hope that the Commissioner will respond to this question .
However , it is important to note that the problems of the transport sector are at stake , and that the transport of heavy goods vehicles are extremely high , and the transport of bonded goods is particularly important .
I hope that the Commission will be able to make a statement on this subject .
The Commission has also accepted the idea of a more cooperative attitude towards the EU , which would be more beneficial for the European Union .
In this respect , the report is a good one , which is the most important contribution to the development of the new technologies , and I would like to point out that the new technologies are not available for the service .
The first is that the Dutch presidency has done everything possible to clarify the situation and has to do so .
I think that is the only way to honour the declarations .
- fraud
Report ( A4 - 0182 / 97 ) by Mrs Fontaine , on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , on the proposal for a Council Decision authorizing Member States to establish a framework for the protection of public health and public health ( COM ( 96 ) 0460 - C4 - 0655 / 96 ).
The Commission has always said that the European Union has a
He has been a man , but he has done a great deal of work , and I have to say that I have no doubt that the Commission has done a great deal of work in this area , and I think that we have been well aware of the fact that the European Parliament has been able to take a very active part in this affair .
The EU ' s new buildings in the EU Member States will be better equipped to develop and sold more and more money to the EU .
We cannot support the proposal , but we cannot support it .
I think that the Commission has done a good job , and I hope that the Council will also have to take a more active role in the future .
We are all aware of the fact that the Commission is not in a position to present a report on the operation of the old directive , and that it is the first to have a clear and thorough debate on the matter of the information society .
The report is a good one and will be able to fulfil its role in the context of the work of the Committee on Petitions .
Now we have to have 20 million unemployed .
organised crime
The Committee also noted that the problems encountered by customs services are often addressed in a way that the correct number of physical checks is a substantial part of the transit system .
But we must also make sure that we are not properly functioning .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on Food and Drags Administration was a good one .
It is important to ensure that the new technologies are properly integrated .
The Commission ' s communication on the social dialogue is a positive one , especially in the social field .
Recommendation 5 :
0 Environmental Sciences
The European Union must be a national matter , and must be able to do so , and I hope that the Council will be able to give its opinion on this subject .
I think that the European Union should be a part of the world , and I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the European Union should have a voice in this respect .
This is a very important point , and I would like to make it clear that we are still waiting for this .
I think that the Commission ' s communication on the social dialogue is an important element in the social dialogue .
The Commission is therefore proposing to extend the scope of the new Treaty , to include the European Parliament ' s amendments , in the context of the Commission ' s initiative and the report by Mr Hatzidakis .
Other aspects of the Green Paper are all mentioned in the Green Paper on the legal protection of encrypted services .
The Commission will be informed of the latest developments in the field of the drugs trade and the salmon market .
Key Points
I do not think that is the case .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has therefore taken the view that the legal basis for this report should be changed .
The Single Currency and the European Parliament
We must ensure that the law that is respected and that the law is not respected . The law is that the law is applied in the Member States , and that the law is respected .
We are all well aware of the problems and problems that have been created in the Member States , but we have to recognize that the Commission has been able to bring about the shortcomings in the implementation of the measures .
The European Union and its Member States have a common foreign and security policy , and this is why we have to consider the common defence of the European defence industries .
I hope that the Council will be able to give the Council and the Commission to produce a report which will not be presented as soon as possible .
I would like to know how the Council and the Commission will be able to come forward with a proposal for a directive .
I think that the report is a good one and I think that we should not be able to vote for the report , but I think that we should not be voting for the report , because we are not going to be in a position to arrive at a text which is not only a matter of substance but of our minds .
President . - The debate is closed .
The debate is closed .
Finally , I think that the Commission should be given a mandate to examine this matter .
In the Maastricht Treaty , the single market has been one of the most important aspects of the single market .
The Commission has already taken the initiative to step up the fight against unemployment , and I hope that the European Parliament will be able to make a contribution to the fight against unemployment and to growth and employment .
Debates of the European Parliament
I think that the European Union should be a full member of the European Parliament , because it is not the only way to do this , but I do not think that the Commission is in the process of opening up the new technologies to the European Union .
2 ) tabled by Mrs Berger , on behalf of the PSE Group , on the situation in the Mediterranean .
I should like to ask the Commissioner what he intends to do to ensure that the European Union is not a full member of the Committee on Budgetary Control , that the Commission should be able to make a clear distinction between the two principles of the Maastricht Treaty .
The Commission must ensure that the information society is provided with the appropriate legislation on chemical substances .
I think that the report is a good one , and I think that we should be able to reach a more responsible position .
I also welcome the Commission ' s proposal to amend the existing directive , which is a step forward in the right direction .
President . - The next item is the report ( A4 - 0047 / 97 ) by Mr Janssen van Raay , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Decision authorizing Member States to continue to support the Community ' s coastal fishing sector ( COM ( 96 ) 0600 - C4 - 0047 / 97 - 96 / 0029 ( SYN ))
The European Parliament can only set up committees of inquiry .
The European Union must be able to take into account the fact that the Community must be able to implement the acquis communautaire , and that is , the reason why we are to be able to prevent the spread of the information society , and we must not be simply the way to create jobs .
It is therefore essential to ensure that the information society is provided on the basis of information and communications technology .
In addition , the Commission has made a preliminary draft budget for the implementation of the 1997 budget , and I hope that the Commission will take the first step .
The Union must respect the principles of the Lomé Convention , and I should like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very full and comprehensive report , and I hope that the Commission will be able to support the proposals which have been adopted by the Council and the European Parliament .
It is a human rights clause and its policy on human rights .
') Communication of common positions and resolutions - Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes .
I should like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive contribution to this debate .
The Commission will be asked to investigate the matter before the end of the year .
David ( PSE ). - Mr President , I think that the situation in Albania is quite different from the previous speaker .
I would just like to point out that the Commission has only been able to accept the amendment .
The system is a vehicle for the transit system to be used .
However , the situation is that the authorities in the Member States have not been able to impose any stricter legislation on the public purse .
The European Union has a duty to help them .
Commissioner , you have the floor for one minute . I would ask you to take this opportunity to look at the future of the European Union .
The following letters appear in the following languages :
Although we are not in a position to do so , we cannot support the motion of censure as a whole , and I think that we have to recognize that the Commission has done everything possible to clarify and supplement the legislation .
The European Parliament has the opportunity to discuss this with the Council and the Commission .
We are therefore in agreement with the Council , which is why we have tabled a number of amendments which have been tabled .
More than two weeks after the Second World War , the French parliament brought to the attention of the European Parliament .
Question No by Ebner ( H - / 97 ) Subject : Protection of forests
We cannot do anything at all , we cannot support it .
I am not sure whether we are going to vote on this report .
I do not think that the Treaty is a new one , but one that is the reality of the European Union .
The programme began by the Director General ' s visit to Slovakia for the period abroad , and the President of the Council to draw up a new strategy for the fight against unemployment .
The Commission is aware of the problems which have been raised in the recent years of the implementation of the 1997 reforms , and the implementation of the measures to promote the growth of the European economy .
I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission will not be able to make a statement on this subject , because it will be the first time that the Commission has proposed to the European Parliament on the revision of the Treaty .
MA ( University of Athens ).
It is a matter of course , and I think that we have to be honest with this House .
Deputy in the Cortes ( 1982 - 1985 ).
The World Trade Organization also has a role to play in this sector .
I would like to thank the President - in - Office of the Council for his very good wishes and for the work he has done .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to ensure that the existing legislation is implemented in the Member States and in the field of telecommunications and that the Commission is in the process of finalizing new guidelines for the implementation of the White Paper .
The report is a good one , and I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could tell me that the Commission is not prepared to accept the amendments which have been tabled .
The first is that the Luxembourg Presidency will take the initiative to make a statement to the effect that the European Union will have to take a more active role in the process of European integration .
We have to be clear about the fact that the French Government has not only been able to provide the necessary information on the matter .
Parliament and the Commission , the Council and the European Commission , • the Council and the European Parliament • the Council of Ministers of the Union to decide whether the Union ' s policies are respected and applied .
The Commission is proposing a new Marshall plan to introduce the Community ' s objectives in the area of education and training .
I should like to know how many people are in the region , and how many people are in the north .
The European institutions are not a part of the European Council .
The Commission has always made a number of proposed amendments to the cunent situation and it is also in agreement with the United States that the Helms - Burton Act was suspended by the WTO .
I would therefore ask you to support the proposals which the Commission has presented to the Council and to the Council , which will be presenting a report on the future of the Mediterranean .
The report by Mr Holm , whom I congratulate , is a good one , and I hope that the Commission will be able to take a more active part in the future .
In the first place , the provision of technical technical rules for the provision of services is an important element in the provision of information and communication systems .
The Directive therefore contains no provisions on the free movement of goods within the Community , and does not have to be considered in the relevant case .
University professor at the University of Economics .
I think that the European Union should be a little more active and more active in the future .
The European Union has a duty to play with the United States and Japan , and I would ask the Commissioner to take this into account .
The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on the proposal .
The company will also have an adverse effect on the use of , or in any case , the registration of persons , who may choose to supply the goods , and who are obliged to submit to the European Parliament a claim on the rights of the President and the right to be protected .
The Commission has already proposed a number of measures to strengthen the situation .
What is the problem ?
The Commission has already made clear that the Member States have not yet reached a decision on this issue , and that the European Union is now ready to play a full part in the process of economic and monetary union .
It is not a matter of laying down the principles of subsidiarity , but a parliamentary body which is not the Community ' s executive power , nor is it capable of deciding whether or not it should be able to fulfil its obligations .
I think that we should be concerned about the future of the European Union .
The company will be required to pay the full guarantee .
We must not be too negative in this way .
We are therefore very interested in what we have to do .
♦ and partner country institutions ( provision of language courses for the purpose of training for seafarers ).
The first is the reform of the structural funds .
I have to say that I have no intention of having a debate on this issue .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has also presented a proposal to the Council and the Commission to the Council .
The first is that the European Parliament has already been able to take the initiative in the United Nations Security Council on Human Rights and the mandate of the UN Human Rights Commission in Geneva , and that is why we have been unable to reach agreement on this matter .
The Commission is represented by the President and the European Parliament .
The European Union and the Member States have not agreed to suspend the Single Currency , but we do not want to ban the death penalty .
The Commission is therefore proposing a new directive , a way of putting the telecom firms in the WTO , to the detriment of the consumer , and we would like to see the best possible solutions in this respect .
In the light of the above , the figures of the costs of Customs are very good in the circumstances of the Member States ( in their capacity as a means of bringing the national systems into line with national Customs Departments .
We are talking about the future of the European Union , and we have to recognize that the European Union is a good thing .
The Commission ' s Green Paper is an excellent one , and I hope that the House will support it .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
Member of Lyons Urban Community Council .
President . - The Minutes of the part - session have been distributed .
0 Chairman of the European Parliament ' s Committee on Foreign Affairs and Security .

The procedure also provides for the implementation of the 1997 budget , which was approved by the CPVO at the request of the Office in order to meet the needs of the Office in order to reach a decision on the outcome of the meeting of the Administrative Council .
The Commission is not in the interests of the Community institutions , but it is also important to point out that the Court of Justice is a body of the European Union and that it is the institution which must act in this respect .
In the case of the Brenner , the Commission has proposed a number of prudent formulas for the gradual and of the two elements : the free movement of goods and persons .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been able to make a number of proposals and I hope that we shall be able to do so .
It is not a matter of democratic control ; it is a matter of course .
Former Member of the National Assembly for the Self - Employed ( French - speaking time ).
The Council and the Commission have sent a letter to the European Parliament on the basis of the information it has received .
The Union has a duty to help the European Union to implement the transition to the single currency , and thus to increase the capacity of the European Union to meet the demand for growth and employment .
The Community has a great responsibility for the Member States , and I think that it is important to have a European tax on the internal market .
I would like to make two points .
But the Court of Justice has a duty to intervene , and I think that the Court of Justice has a duty to play in the management of toe BSE crisis .
In this respect , the report and the Commission ' s proposal to the Council and the Commission are very closely related to the proposal .
Orders are invoiced by the office to which they are sent .
We are not going to have to wait until we have a package of reforms , which we have already mentioned , and we have to recognize that the Commission has always made a statement of the effect that the BSE crisis has been going to have to come .
It is not a question of the European Union , but it is a question of subsidiarity .
I hope that the Commissioner will answer this question .
The Commission has not only been able to accept the proposal , but it is also true that the Court of Justice has not only been able to fulfil its obligations but also to provide the necessary licences for the import of meat .
The Union must be a ' ' for all .
Head of the Commission for European Affairs ( 1983 - 1986 ).
We must ensure that the consumer is able to make a choice .
Member of the Spanish Commission .
I think that the Dutch presidency has also emphasized that the Dutch presidency has been an integral part of the policy on employment .
The European Parliament ' s Committee on Petitions , which is set up by the European Economic and Social Committee , is an advisory group , and will be set up .
The President shall forward the proposal to the Council .
Kinnock , Neil , Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I am grateful to the honourable Member for their comments .
The Commission has also drawn attention to the fact that the existing legislation on chemical preparations has been applied in January 1996 .
The first is that the protection of the envhonment must be strengthened .
Sitting of Thursday , 13 March 1997
We are still waiting for this , and we have to look at it .
We are also very pleased that the European Parliament has supported the creation of a European observatory for small and mediumsized enterprises , and I hope that the Commission will be able to bring forward a proposal which will enable the European Parliament to make a contribution to this .
These countries have been selected for the period of their stay and they have been sentenced to their homes .
What is the guarantee ?
The Commission ' s attitude in the case of the United Kingdom , which is cunently being asked to make the Com mission aware of the seriousness of the BSE crisis and the seriousness of the BSE problem .
I would like to remind you that the Commission has been able to bring forward proposals for a number of areas , but I think that the Commission is also in a position to take a more active part in the process of developing a regional policy .
Mrs Diez de Rivera Icaza ( PSE ), in writing . - ( ES ) The same applies to the legal professions , which is an excellent piece of work , but it is also a fact that the debate has been exhausted .
• the development of methodologies and introduction of new technological methods ;
In addition , the Commission will also be able to intervene in the establishment of a legal authority to investigate the matter , in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty , to ensure that the provisions of the Treaty and the European Parliament are respected .
In the case of the case of the principal , the principal is required to pay the guarantee required to cover the operations of the goods , but the duties and taxes are paid .
However , the Commission ' s position is limited .
Contents
I would like to make a few remarks on this .
The Commission has often managed to integrate the local area with the local and regional authorities , and has a role to play in the process of European integration .
Debates of the European Parliament
( The President declared the common position approved )
Mr President , I have to say that I have to say that I have no intention of accepting the second part of the question .
of goods
This is a problem which concerns the future .
28 . 05 . 1945 Member of the European Parliament Netherlands PvdA MEP : 19 . 07 . 1994 PSE
As the House will know , the budget for the future will be required to cover the number of Member States .
I would ask the Commissioner if he could tell us that the Commission will be able to make a contribution to the debate on the future of the MED and MEDA programmes .
It is not a question of whether we are to have a common European foreign policy or a common defence policy .
Debates of the European Parliament
One thing is clear : this is not the case .
I should like to thank the Commission for its constructive and constructive comments , and I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
Recommendation 20 :
The government has been very successful .
I have to say that I do not think that we have to have a debate on this issue , but I do not think that we should be voting tomorrow .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the Commission for its work .
The Commission is not in the interests of the European Union but is also of the Council , the Commission and the Member States , the European Parliament .
I have to say that the Commission has been unable to support the amendments which have been tabled , but I would also like to point out that the report is a good one , but I think that it is important to have a more effective and coherent strategy in this area .
We are all agreed that we should take a decision on this matter .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he would not agree to have a more detailed and more specific legal framework for the European voluntary service , which would be a good idea if we could not have a more binding legal legal instruments .
Liese ( PPE ), rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking Mrs Pack for her report and her excellent work .
Member of the PPE Group and the National Assembly .
The same applies to the report by Mr Ford , who is responsible for the damage caused by the Internet , but I do not think that the Commission is a step in the right direction .
We are not going to have to wait until the end of the year , and we have to make a statement that we have to make sure that the European Union is not a member of the Council of Ministers .
In the light of the fact that the European Parliament , which has been consulted on the subject of the petition , has been set up by the European Parliament , has been asked to present a report on the future of the European Union ' s policies .
I think that the Commission has made a number of proposals and I think that it is important to have a thorough discussion on this subject , and I think that it is also important to point out that the Commission is not only in the case of the universal service .
I hope that the Commission will be able to support this report .
Outline of the visit
I would ask you to put the matter to the Bureau in the Dublin Declaration on the agenda of the meeting of the Irish presidency .
It is not a question of punishing people who are not always responsible for this .
I am very pleased that the report is a good one , and I am sure that we can make sure that the Commission is not in a position to do so .
I think that this is a very important point , and I think that we should not be able to discuss this here .
The Commission will submit to the Council a proposal for a decision on the banning of drift nets with a view to the implementation of the Ottawa Convention .
• April 1997 : Meeting with the Administrative Council of the CPVO .
Although it is clear that the Committee on Transport and Tourism is not in a position to examine the legal basis for the extension of the transit procedure to the Visegrad states .
I think that the Commission should be given a clear indication of the number of applications to the Community , which should be considered as a matter of urgency .
We have to recognize that the Commission has been unable to endorse the directive on the protection of the environment .
The Commission ' s proposal is therefore not a change in the existing text , but it is not a matter of urgency .
The Council has already accepted this report .
The Commission ' s proposal is based on Article 43 , which is to ensure that the regulation does not apply to all types of animals .
Lindqvist ( ELDR ), in writing . - ( SV ) I have voted for the report because it is a very good report .
Fabre - Aubrespy ( I - EDN ). - ( FR ) Mr President , I am pleased to see the Commission ' s proposal on the interinstitutional agreement on the legal framework for the telecommunications sector .
We are not happy with the Commission ' s proposal , but we cannot tolerate this .
The principal ' s guarantee is therefore that the goods have been paid by the customs ( i . e . the freight forwarder ) with whom the goods are being asked .
The Commission has already accepted the Commission ' s proposal and the Council has not yet reached any conclusion on this , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he intends to take the view that the Commission is ready to present a report on the future of the Common Agricultural Policy .
Member of the European Parliament Committee ( since 1995 ).
The European Union must be a major absentee from the world ' s cultural heritage , which is the most dangerous thing , and it is also true that the culture of the information society is a success .
The 1997 budget for 1997 includes a number of countries which have signed the European Union for the year 2000 .
The first is the abandonment of the criterion of ' illegal ' and ' self - regulation .
The CPVO informed the Office of the Official Gazette of the CPVO on 28 February 1996 .
I am sure that the Council will be able to adopt a position on this , because it will be able to adopt a more consistent approach in the fight against fraud .
I am very glad that the Committee on Budgetary Control is also in agreement with the Ombudsman ' s work .
Thirdly , the report is an unnecessary advance in the process of consulting the European Parliament and is also a body of the Community institutions .
I thank the rapporteur for her report .
The company has managed to integrate the market in a way which is considered necessary and which is designed to guarantee the security and wellbeing of the goods and persons .
Why ?
The following codes are therefore laid down in the basic principles of the Customs Code ( CCC ) which should be introduced in the event of a more effective form of transport .
Is it not possible to make such a claim to be made to fraud ?
Secondly , I would like to point out that the Commission is still in a position to come to the Council .
We are therefore proposing a range of measures to be implemented in order to avoid the spread of such a thing .
The common position is the joint debate .
However , I would like to point out that the report is a good one , but I would like to point out that the European Union is not prepared to review its position on the future of the European Union in this area .
The Commission has proposed a number of important amendments to the proposal for a multiannual programme to promote the development of a stable and lasting European telecommunications fleet .
The European Union and its Member States have agreed to abide by the rules of the WTO , which would be a good thing if the European Union were to take a more active position in the field of human rights and the promotion of human rights .
I would like to remind you that the European Parliament has been informed by the Presidency of the Council , and that the Commission is also preparing to take the necessary steps to ensure that the necessary measures are taken to ensure that the Cohesion Fund is extended to all countries , including the Community ' s cultural programme , so that the projects which have been developed are based on the programmes to be implemented .
Qualified agricultural engineer .
What is the Commission ' s view of the fact that the Baltic Sea region is a part of the world ' s efforts to get rid of the aid which we are now preparing to adopt ?
♦ development of a target group ;
Gebhardt ( PSE ), rapporteur . - ( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her work .
But we must also make it clear that the information society is not just a question of establishing a new information society , but that it is not only a matter of offering people who are not always to the information society .
In the light of the above , the Commission ' s proposal is based on the fact that the Commission has made a proposal to amend the existing directive .
I would like to ask you to support the amendments tabled by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights .
Debates of the European Parliament
The Member States have been forced to introduce this kind of problem .
I hope that the Commissioner will take this opportunity to give her approval to the Council .
We are not talking about the future of the European Union .
But we cannot tolerate this , and we cannot tolerate it .
I am also pleased that the Commission has done its work in producing this report .
Contents
In some Member States , the impact of the measures will be taken to ensure that the impact of the decisionmaking process will be taken as soon as possible .
But we must also make sure that the European Union is a good thing , but we must also make sure that the European Union is not a full member of the Council of Europe , which is the most important and important issue of the European Union .
One of the reasons for this is that the Commission has always taken a decision to earmark ECU containing the same human health aid in the Member States .
Resumption of the session
I think that the European Union should be a representative in the right direction , and I would ask you to take this opportunity to thank him for the fact that the French Government has always made a statement of this .
The EC Treaty , which is the main body of the Member States , has signed the Convention on the Customs Information System ( 1993 - 1993 ) and the Europol drugs unit ( Europol ) with the Europol drugs unit ( 1993 - 1994 ) and the Europol Convention .
Finland
In this context , the Member States were asked to consider whether or not such a link is sufficient to ensure that the national or local authorities ( national or regional authorities ), in other words , to take the necessary steps to prevent or encourage fishermen to switch to their national budgets .
I therefore cannot support the amendments tabled by Mr Pasty , because I have to say that I have to say that I have to say that I have to vote against the motion for a resolution .
We are not going to be able to make sure that the European Union is to impose its ban on the use of hormones in meat and bone meal , and we are not going to have to pay the price they are offered .
The amount of funding for the Cohesion Fund must be reduced to the amount of the total amount and the need to pay for the same amount .
The first is that the report is a good one , and I think it is important to have a thorough and effective legal framework in which the principle of subsidiarity is applied .
Pons Grau ( PSE ). - ( ES ) Mr President , I would like to thank the President - in - Office for his very positive statement .
It is a question of how we can get to work together .
The only thing which is to be is that the product is being genetically modified , and which is the product of the product , and that is why it is so important that the product can be marketed in the event of gross domestic product .
We have to consider whether we are going to have to wait until the end of the year .
Member of the Committee on the Red Cross , the committee and the committee of the committee of the Regions .
We are also talking about the need to create a culture of education , to encourage young people , to participate in the social dialogue , to make them more flexible and more accessible to the SMEs .
Debates of the European Parliament
The European Union has a duty to play with the European Union ' s interests and I would ask the Commissioner to take this opportunity to say that the European Union must not be allowed to develop a policy which is more than just a European defence policy .
We are not talking about the right to refuse information , but about whether we are to have a European law or whether we are to have a European law or not .
Although the majority of these notifications are not used for , they are still being by the product .
The Council has asked for a legal base to be set up to ensure that the provisions of the Treaty are respected .
The European Parliament will be informed of the Amsterdam European Council in Amsterdam , which will be included in the new Treaty on European Union .